That's pretty cool! Also really like the nuke button.
OMEGLE IS AWESOME
Nope.  I think that's all you.  Interesting that your mind jumped right to this.
I'm really hoping that it displays a pop-up that says: "oh god how did this get here I am not good with computer"
Some day.
Scroll down it's in the middle part of the page.   And legalization is not winning :(
I bet I could vote 100 times.
Yes, but the evidence for racism, fear mongering, ignorance and money being the reasons pot is illegal does exist.
well i guess the scientists were bored of the traditional boiling of water lol 
Poor Terr...he didn't feel like singing.
&gt; given the uptake of GNOME and GTK I've seen in the past few years  Given the back and forth nature of both Gnome and KDE, I expect that people will continue switching both ways for years to come.   Many people who switched to Gnome who now switched back to KDE.   KDE's exciting and revolutionary changes have produced some useful things.   Are they worth it?   Only you can decide.  In the end Gnome and KDE developers generally try to copy the best parts of the other.
Did some checking:  New York to Washington DC, April 30th, one way.  Amtrak Regional (4 hours) = $72 Amtrak Express (3 hours) = $155 Delta Airlines (1 1/2 hours) = $49
beautiful
This movie inspired me to get cancer.
Or on mouse-over.
Nuts, I thought you just had to support something unpopular, say something rational, and slap the downmod part wherever you wanted.
1/4, damnit. **1/4**.
Judaism started out with a member of 1 - moses. Was that a cult? Or a religion?  The only difference between a cult and a religion is that the majority consider that particular brand of religious belief to be 'nuts' and the majority's own brand of religion to be acceptable.   To an atheist/agnostic, believing that god had sex with a virgin who then gave birth to his son so he could die so god could forgive us and then god could resurrect his son might seem a bit nutty, and therefore a cult instead of a religion.  Dont get me wrong - i think the people in this cult/religion are nut jobs/sadistic/stupid beyond belief and something should be done with them. But their beliefs are as valid or invalid as any of the more mainstream religions since you can not prove they are wrong, or right.
Two things 1) In that case you were either going too fast for conditions, and should have been proceeding at a pace that would have allowed you to react to the lane change, or were not properly aware of the flow of traffic to know that granny was there and the need to prepare for her to be stupid was a real one.  2) The fact that you were negligent does not, in and of itself, absolve the other driver of blame in the situation. Granny clearly failed to check her mirrors and blind spots before moving over, which shifts some of the blame off you and onto her. Not all of it, since you're still supposed to be paying attention to weird conditions and responding to them (and, presuming you weren't speeding, this condition is definitely weird) in a way that allows you to react to prevent a crash.
In all honestly, there's a *huge* horseplay epidemic sweeping America.  Also, I feel roughhousing has because systemic to many low income African American and Latino families.   Yet the media turns away, they'd rather concentrate on the gallavanting of a few fellas. 
My work filter prohibited me from seeing this image, however, from the little picture, I definitly like this outcome better. [Fuck hummers.](http://www.fuh2.com/) 
That is a valuable question, thank you.   It is, like all good questions, hard to answer.   If one seeks no criticism and provides no criticism, perhaps merely proffering an alternative for discussion, or answering a direct question, then there seems to no call to make fun of them. If someone is providing an explanation, or continuing a discussion in a civil manner, then there seems to be little reason to downmod them, and less still to attack them. A degree of civility is all that is required, indeed it is such a small measure of respect that its consistent abscence is all the more glaring. These things are often about basic etiquette and reddiquette, rather than some complex inter-belief-system code of behaviour.   Often I see questions submitted to this subreddit, asking for the best way to counter some argument, this is of course a good way for younger members to obtain valuable insight, however all too often it descends into a self congratulatory contest to see who can most completely dismiss an opposing viewpoint in the most condescending and aggressive manner.  I suppose that in large part I am questioning the motivation of many of these arguments. Are the arguments meant to convince a fellow human with a differing viewpoint, or are they to reproach, discredit and deride and *opponent*?
No not really.
archiebot  he was being a total dick and waving around his e-peen.  I also bit on his trolling and argued for a long time, so that was my only way to let off some steam  i later felt bad and undid all of my downvotes; although i still think he's a dick
Thanks.   Inspired by spiderpig of course!
Just wait. The more crowded our cities get, the more horrendous our traffic gets, and the worse global warming gets - you'll see light rail looking more and more attractive in smaller and smaller metropolitan areas.
Asimov banged your mom?  Did he give her these instructions?  1. A woman may not turn down sex with Asimov or, through inaction, allow Asimov to go without sex.  2. A woman must obey orders given to her during sex by Asimov, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.  3. A woman may look after her own pleasure as long as such pleasure does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
By the title I was expecting one to walk in with a giant transformer dick or something along those lines. I was relieved.
Bingo!
And this list is out of 12.
What? No computer rendering?
My schoolbus had seatbelts.  I was just the only one that wore them.
I read The Fountainhead.  That was enough for me.  
It's the deep south, what do you expect?
I just tried it out and someone promptly began to administer a quiz of 10 questions about pop culture.  Pretty fun.
Whats worse is its probably even more in the store.
Well it wouldn't be the first time god was wrong.  
Jimmy Johns, FTW...
I'll add you.. I played the trial for a bit, didn't get too far into it. I may pick it up sometime.
Connecting to server... Looking for someone you can chat with. Hang on. You're now chatting with a random stranger. Say hi! Stranger: apple You: hi Stranger: hi You: grapefruit Stranger: cherry You: cumquat Stranger: boner You: random Stranger: curious You: about? Stranger: everything You: ok You: like what Stranger: are you female? You: actually i am You: you from reddit.com? Stranger: nope You: damn Stranger: why is marriage so hard sometimes You: because there are two brains involved Stranger: thats actually a really good answer You: my marriage is easier than most marriages because we are both females Stranger: going, in , or out of college? Stranger: so you live outside the states? You: nope You: ct Stranger: i don't think you can get married here yet? You: yup You: ct and ma Stranger: thats f*ing awesome Stranger: ugh brains You: yup Stranger: well more like 3 brains in this relationship Stranger: guy has two Stranger: one is retarded You: i graduated from college a few years ago with a graduate degree in learning Stranger: i learned good You: how many people are here? Stranger: 1 Stranger: here You: 2 Stranger: me Stranger: kevin You: jen Stranger: love that name Stranger: had a crush on a girl named jen... i think Stranger: wait Stranger: no jenna You: jennifer means white wave in scandinavian You: don't know what kevin means Stranger: uuuu scandinavian Stranger: i like that You: where are you from? Stranger: near seattle Stranger: my history goes back to norway tho You: ah You: mine goes back to mostly western europe You: can trace directly to william bradford ...first governor of mass Stranger: wow i love history You: you graduated from college? Stranger: AA in computer information systems Stranger: work for a company doing helpdesk support Stranger: 20 bucks an hour and a free iPhone You: my students and I figured out that i am worth 41 an hour You: some teachers make 57 an hour Stranger: o_0 Stranger: they should make more You: but that only counts 7-2 pm You: doesn't take into account homework and weekend work Stranger: how does summer work? You: depends You: i have money taken out of my paycheck each week to pay me during the summer Stranger: so you are 36 years of age Stranger: am i close? You: 34 You: u? Stranger: i usually forget but i have answered this question a few times today Stranger: im 22, 23 in april Stranger: and married Stranger: :( Stranger: game over You: good for you...making good money You: u are married? Stranger: ya Stranger: but its not game over Stranger: happiness is only real when it is shared You: you still have some lives left You: marriage is hard for you because you don't know about the female brain You: once you begin to realize that she is probably more driven by her emotions than logic... You: i am not very emotionally driven, myself Stranger: especially when it is not a chemically balanced one Stranger: hahahah talk about emotions over logic Stranger: i don't even know if logic exists You: logic exists...it is just else where You: she take pills? Stranger: ya on my side of the relationship Stranger: yes we both do Stranger: we love each other so much You: harsh...i was on lexapro for a while You: i became bland Stranger: orly You: and she decided to leave.... You: i went off them and she came back Stranger: sad Stranger: thats kinda odd You: i can get emotional over big things Stranger: well that seems normal Stranger: big things are important You: i lost my lust for life ...my vibrancy... You: but i had been suicidal Stranger: same Stranger: but i didn't believe i could feel that way Stranger: its scary You: and i needed to slow down You: you program? Stranger: not really Stranger: i fix things Stranger: my friend can program Stranger: i love him Stranger: and i miss him Stranger: he just moved to oregon Stranger: :( You: i don't do much with computers other than use them to chat and game Stranger: we talk all the time tho Stranger: you play WoW? You: you'll see him soon You: not WOW Stranger: lol You: i like Portal You: a lot Stranger: wow Stranger: i looooove portal too You: just beat it for the third or fourth time Stranger: no cake for you! You: the cake is a lie Stranger: that is true You: what was the last board game you played? k Stranger: ohhhh i love board games, my brother in law has over 390! Stranger: he is crazy You: well, who isn't crazy? Stranger: he is trying to find a boyfriend all the time Stranger: i try to give him advice about getting boys its funny Stranger: i don't know anything Stranger: the last game would probably be settlers of catan i think You: he jus tneeds to be himself You: don't know that one You: my wife and i found each other on www.planetout.com Stranger: male male as well? You: yup You: they charge now Stranger: oh You: but that's how we found each other You: craigslist may work but i'd be careful Stranger: hahaha ya You: what was the best thing about English class when you were in high school? Stranger: just becuase a girl doesn't show physcial affection doesn't mean she doesn't like you right? Stranger: im always soooo worried about that Stranger: english?!?! hmmmm i loved writing my own things, like poems. You: you talking about your wife? Stranger: at some points i wish i knew more of the technical side of grammer Stranger: ya Stranger: i think thats just the way she is Stranger: she has had problems in the past Stranger: with other guys Stranger: and she is my only girl i have ever been with Stranger: so its weird sometimes You: physical relationship pretty much ends with marriage Stranger: hahahaha You: pretty much take care of your own needs Stranger: ya Stranger: you didn't have to tell me that Stranger: its normal to have crushes on other people? You: just let her know you still love her and when she is ready you are too You: yup You: give her hints You: but don't force her Stranger: i don't even think she needs hints Stranger: i think i can be to crowdy sometimes Stranger: i also just need to do things on my own Stranger: take initiative You: wink at her and make come hither looks You: then if she ignores you, go take care of yourself Stranger: i have to go You: c ya Stranger: thanks for the chat jen You: nice chatting You: be good Stranger: you too You: ty Your conversational partner has disconnected.
&gt;Sharks with **fricken** lazer beams attached to their heads.  FTFY
My project for this evening is to get on my Linux box and change every password that I can think of that I've used recently from a Windows box.  EDIT: Usually I could give two shits about being downmodded, but I have to wonder why I would be downmodded for offering good contextual advice. **Am I missing something?**
fuck that shit. my cat is family. i'll kill you all before you get my cat.
PWNT!
obvious reply is obvious
WTF is this shit? We ONlY talk about reddit :|
Actually, I love Gogol, I was exaggerating my hatred for the Russians. I think if I were to reread Crime and Punishment I might like it more, but because my teacher practically forced us to do a line by line analysis the book was ruined. Also, Russians have too many fucking names, I had to carry a chart to figure out who he was talking about at any given time because of the nicknames, first names, last names, and patronymics. 
I have one corded and two cordless phones.  Corded phones are available from pretty much any electronics store, as well as phone company stores (Shaw, SaskTel, Telus, etc).  Anyway, that assumes that the other end of your broadband connection won't go down.  They have a lower priority than the voice switching equipment in a power failure.  They also don't seem to want to offer me service.  The only two VoIP services I can get here are WebCall and Shaw.
Well I'm trolling.  I don't know about those other guys.
Of course, tho i'm not sure if those of us in the relatively affluent West give back as much as we take. Even despite philantropy, the flow of wealth between here &amp; the Global South is pretty one sided, and sadly not in the favor of those most in need.   Am sure our distance has something to do with this. Back in the day when aristocrats had servants, they were usually of the lower classes ... but they obviously had methods (more cultural/psychological) of maintaining the distance necessary to dull or even deaden empathy. 
My bad, the link didn't show up as a repost.  Should have done the legwork.  I'll delete it. 
WE'RE TOO LATE!! ARGHHHHhhh...
Everyones mentioning traditional MMORGS with levels and what-not. There are some fun ones without levels. I personally play Puzzle Pirates quite a bit. It has no levels, and is based purely on skill. Its completely free to play, everything can be purchased with the free currency if you play on a Doubloon ocean. It has quite an active community with many players. Perhaps its graphics aren't the best, but the gameplay is top-notch. If you decide to try it I am Kettlecorn on the Hunter ocean.
So you object to the roads you drive on, the water from your tap, the electricity that runs to your house, the sewer that allows you to take a shit...  What's with reddit and being an anarchist?
Exactly like the drug wars now.
Because it doesn't contain the video, or any real video at all.
In summer they come out of hiding, and you can find them all over the place. 
Woo! you go dog!
I'm furious when users screw up their own machines.   It can be hard to fix things without messing up the workspace for the user. Sometimes the fix requires closing windows or *gasp* rebooting.  &lt;3,  Tech support.
The health care talking points is the best part.
20 stunningly disgusting themes for Mac OS X that look like bad Gnome/Compiz themes.
I remember after I saw the original Toy Story I felt so bad about the toys I hadn't played with in a while. Really fucked with my head.
[Here we go again](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/17711/israel_readies_forces_for_strike_on_nuclear_iran/)
I actually lol'd
The opposite of Christian belief is a pretty ambiguous statement. What exactly is Christian belief anyway? Which kind? Many Christian denominations don't even recognize other Christian denominations as Christian at all let alone feel they are on par with each other.  Superior is also a difficult word to put to good use. I am definitely more logical and more moral in my beliefs than any Christian (by definition).   There is no evidence at all for Christ's existence, and the teachings of the bible are stationary and very out of date.   I can accept reality for what it is and logically assess any situation without the supernatural involving itself. I can also adjust my morals to the situation they are to be applied in and endeavor to improve them as I learn and grow.  Perhaps some are more moral in their actions but this is a matter of chance and accident rather than a product of their Christian moral framework.  If I had just said that I was superior what difference would it make? How is your comment relevant at all to what I've said?
No.  A religion can be started by anyone at any time.  If you want to be an "organized" religion, it helps to be formally "organized" under state law, and if you want to donations to be tax-deductible, you'll probably want to be a 501(c)(3) nonprofit.
Video games.
As long as you throw in an over-the-shoulder bag, and turtleneck sweater.
Did you figure in time getting through the airports?
For those interested, I explained my whole reasoning for this decision [on my website](http://pvandongen.com/news/2009/04/01/a-new-musical-direction/).
&gt;I just think people should consider the possibility that Israel isn't the most evil country on the planet...  It isn't. But it does do some bad things. Mentioning Sudan adds nothing, because my whole point is that Israel is not in the top tier of offenders. You say my question unfairly maligned Israel, but this randomly selected statistically valid (*ahem*) sample of people on Reddit *overwhelmingly* think Israel *is* in the top 10.   Asking "Does Israel commit HR abuses" would be less biased, but give us no useful information. I really don't think your complaint has any merit.  
I only gave lame ass Windows 50gb of space, though, see. As a former Windows user I know all too well what a monumental waste of time reinstalling everything is and when I have a console in my living room w/ a 42" TV I don't see the motivation to go through all that for a game.
Actually, the way the photo was taken, I thought she had a little beard o_O
What the fuck? Well I better just become a recluse, just in case I ever get called on for jury duty!
Nietzsche is a clown.
Great post and great stuff to further personal net research. We'll soon see where all of this new information will takes us in the near future, but I believe only good things should lay ahead as our current social illusions are set aside.  Everyone, no matter his or her ethnicity, should cherish what makes his or her particular racial group different from the others, and look into the future to further its possibilities. 
Quite right. I shouldn't have muddled things by using "trustworthy" in place of "correct." I meant to say, even if you accept as a given that "everybody lies," that doesn't say "everybody is a habitual liar." The point of the statement is that even habitually honest people are willing to lie under certain circumstances--maybe even *very ordinary* circumstances, such as when dealing with authority figures. 
I actually found it off of Adam Savage's top visited Web Sites when i was reading his Mythbusters Bio
"Hey PC, what's up?"  "Trying to hack your OS to be stable while I run it."  "Good luck with that. Too bad you can't run my OS apps natively inside your own OS, like I can with yours."  "..."
&gt;even security-conscious environments may elect to forgo automated software patching, choosing to trade off vulnerability exposure for some perceived notion of platform stability   This snarky dismissal of manual patchers doesn't take in to account the consistently bad quality of Microsoft patches in the past or the reality of regulated production environments.
[ftfy](http://www.hugeurl.com/?YTE0MGVjOWYzYzk1NTVhNTcxZDk3YWFiZTE5 YmFhYWYmMTImVm0wd2QyUXlVWGxXYTJoV1YwZG9WVll3Wkc5alJsWjBUVlpP V0Zac2JETlhhMUpUVmpGYWMySkVUbGhoTWsweFZqQmFTMk15U2tWVWJHaG9U VmhDVVZadGVGWmxSbGw1Vkd0c2FsSnRhRzlVVjNOM1pVWmFkR05GZEZSTlZU VkpWbTEwYTFkSFNrZGpTRUpYVFVad1NGUlVSbUZqVmtaMFVteFNUbUY2UlRG V1ZFb3dWakZhV0ZOcmJGSmlSMmhZV1d4b2IwMHhXbGRYYlVaclVsUkdXbGt3 WkRSVk1rcElaSHBHVjJFeVVYZFpWRVpyVTBaT2NscEhjRlJTVlhCWlZrWldh MVV5VW5OalJtUllZbFZhY1ZscldtRmxWbVJ5VjI1a1YwMUVSa1pWYkZKRFZq QXhkVlZ1V2xaaGExcFlXa1ZhVDJOdFNrZFRiV3hYVWpOb1dGWnRNSGRsUjBs NFUydGthVk5GV2xSWmJHaFRWMVpXY1ZKcmRGUldiRm93V2xWb2ExWXdNVVZT YTFwWFlrZG9jbFpxU2tabFZsWlpXa1prYUdFeGNGaFhiRnBoVkRKT2RGSnJa RmhpVjNoVVZGY3hiMlJzV25STldHUlZUV3RzTlZWdGRHdFdNa3B5VGxac1dt SkhhRlJXTUZwVFZqRndSMVJyTlZOaWEwcElWbXBLTkZReFdsaFRiRnBxVWxk U1lWUlZXbUZOTVZweFUydDBVMDFyTlVwV01qRkhWVEZLV1ZGcmJGZFdNMEpJ VmtSS1UxWXhaSFZVYkZKcFZqSm9lbGRYZUc5aU1rbDRWMjVTVGxkSFVsWlVW bHBYVGtaa2NsWnRkRmRpVlhCNlZUSTFUMVp0Um5KT1ZsSmFUVlp3ZWxreWVI ZFNNVkp5VGxaT2FWSnRPVE5XYTFwaFlqSkZlVkpyWkZoaWF6VnhWVEJvUTFs V1VsWlhibVJyWWtad2VGVnRkREJWTWtwSVZXcENXbFpXY0ROWmEyUkdaVWRP U0U5V2FHaE5WbkJ2Vmxod1IyRXhaRWRWYmtwaFVtMW9jRlpxVG05V1ZscEhX VE5vYVUxWFVsaFdNV2h2V1ZaS1JsTnRPVlZXTTFKNlZHdGFWbVZYVWtoa1Jt Uk9WakZLU2xkV1ZtRmpNV1IwVWxoc2FGSldTbUZhVjNSaFlVWnJlRmRyZEdw aVZrcElWbGQ0VDJGV1RrWlRhM1JYVFc1b1dGbHFTa1psUm1SWldrVTFWMVpz Y0ZWWFZsSkxZakZrUjFWc1pGaGhNMUpWVlcxNGQyVkdWWGxrUkVKWFVtdHdl bFl5ZUhkWFIwVjRZMFJPV2xaWFVrZGFWM2hIWTIxS1IyRkdhRlJTVlhCS1Zt MTBVMUl5UlhoYVJXUldZbXR3YUZWcVRrTldSbEpWVTIwNWEwMVdjSGhWVjNo aFlUQXhSVkpzVGxaU2JFWXpWVVpGT1ZCUlBUMD0=)
Where I work, you would be extra fired with a side of fired. Our "support" people use IM to troubleshoot with clients.
Hi, I'm a socialist.  I live in a country with a hybrid socialist economy.  I'm happy.  My Girlfriend is happy.  Our Daughter is happy (and getting ridiculously good grades).  I think you need to get out more.
Ancient Chinese secret, huh?
Or some church sent a link to the poll to all their members to vote....
I have always thought that the fact that no-one wants to live next to a child sex offender indicates that we have a bad compromise: we are afraid of them reoffending, but not so afraid that we'll lock them up for life? And yet, people are afraid. Maybe they should be locked up indefinitely, on psychiatric grounds. I don't really understand why this solution isn't used more often.
I was just telling you the facts.  Why do you think so many Jews are secular?
Your brain is a phone and you hung up?
Funny cartoons aren't mockery?
or it could be worse since gwb was fucking up what he was reading on a teleprompter...
"FOX NEWS DISMISSES BORG THREAT AS 'HOAX'... WAKE UP SHEEPLE!"
I would say wrong tool for the job, but then again I made an access database that could create barcodes.  It used DDE (predecessor of OLE and COM) to talk to the barcode program.  I guess it was made for that.  It was a little flakey though, you had to be nice to the program.
oh noes, someone in the internets called me an idiot!  you're still completely missing the point. i'm not arguing whether it is safe. i'm saying that police enforcement doesn't improve the situation, so the laws are useless.
Apparently the mob and insurance companies have been around for awhile and insurance companies seem to be doing okay.
All the Kings Men. But in truth, I think it's just a bad book written to torture students. 
I'm not sure why you're getting down modded. There were rumors the Kennedys had their roots as rum runners. He wasn't convicted, though, as the question states.  &gt;Kennedy was, according to unproven rumours, an importer of alcoholic drinks from Canada into the USA during Prohibition. After Prohibition ended, Kennedy consolidated an even larger fortune when his company, Somerset Importers, became the exclusive American agent for Gordon's Dry Gin and Dewar's Scotch. Anticipating the end of Prohibition, he assembled a large inventory of stock, which he later sold for a profit of millions of dollars when Prohibition was repealed in 1933. He invested this money in residential and commercial real estate in New York, and Hialeah Race Track in Hialeah, Florida. His most important purchase was the largest office building in the country, Chicago's Merchandise Mart, which gave his family an important base in that city and an alliance with the Irish-American political leadership there.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_P._Kennedy#Investments_in_Movie_Production.2C_Liquor_Importing.2C_Real_Estate
You mean you've never admired your own parts? Or looked at a well-endowed guy in a porno and thought, "I wish mine was more like that?" Or waggled your wee-wee suggestively at a special ladyfriend? Liking people who are essentially women with penises is just an extreme version of any of those things.
I missed you guys in Calgary! When you said you were in a band I didn't think it would be anything big to be honest. Love your music, keep up the good work! Hope you enjoyed your time in Calgary.
Still better than LOL FORTS
&gt; that he is just  How is it at all just for an omnipotent being to allow such horrible things in the world to happen? I'm not trolling or trying to be a dick, I really want to know how you justify it.
&gt;I didn't realize writing could get worse than "Left Behind"   There are thousands of people out there who think these books are fucking amazing.  They push them on children in school as great examples of modern lit while failing to mention that they're just religious rhetoric.  Sad.
But, as long as the wealthy are in control of the Oil and Gas there and profiting from it, our leaders don't care.  Afghanistan, like Iraq, was only sold to the Public on the terrible deeds of the Taliban, but in reality it was for the profits for the already extremely wealthy.
Futher off-topic, when I was working tech support at an aluminium refinery, I created an account for a new guy, Bruce J. Greathead.  Yes. That's B.J. Greathead.
Here's why I do it.  YouTube is blocked at work, and I digg links as my way of bookmarking them to watch at home.  In fact, I also saved this link (here on reddit) because imageshack is blocked.
There you have the difference in media climate between the US and Europe.  US: Neocon dominated media with anti-Muslim bias that delivers a negative exclusive us-vs-them message.  Europe: Liberal media with a positive inclusive message.
"what a disagreeable ohm"
I just wait. I don't see the problem :|
I hate grape juice, and generally anything grape flavored. However, grapes are one of my favorite fruits.
Quiznos.  Not even close.
And you wouldn't?
you used up all the o's you selfish bastard
Yes had 53 votes when posted, no had 62, for reference.
Going to metal concerts, I don't hear crap if I don't know all the songs by heart beforehand. If I do know them, I can hear the smallest details through the noise.
What is funny is that you used the EXACT example that has been debunked over and over on the internet.  In your example:   * When it rains a lot, the street floods.  * I walk out of my house this morning and the street is flooded.  * Therefore it has rained a lot.  This just isn't how science works. It would be more like:   * When it rains a lot, the street floods.  * I walk out of my house this morning and the street is flooded.  * Therefore it MAY HAVE rained a lot. Seek more evidence. (Oh, the trees are dripping water and all the roofs are wet too? Or, the trees and roof are both dry...maybe someones sprinkler head broke?)   In your example, you put the hypothesis LAST, not FIRST, so of course you ended up with a logical fallacy. So I am willing to admit that your ignorant misunderstanding of the scientific method is a logical fallacy.   Face it retard. You are exactly the idiot I was talking about: the creationist dumbfuck who regurgitates the same claims despite being repeatedly debunked. GO LEARN SOMETHING IDIOT!
I'd take a piece and leave a sign saying "the cake is a lie."
&gt;They can't afford a mac anyway's...  OH NO, ROGUE APOST'ROPHE STRIKE'S AGAIN!!!
So then what's the difference between this and statutory rape laws? Shouldn't the reasoning be *more* true of the sex itself? Yet many states require a 4 year age difference before they kick in. Is it just that these are newer laws and we're more partisan/stupider?
Did you see the glass squids/jellyfish etc. they put on display recently?  I wish there were more of those.  HMNH is free Wednesday afternoons and Sunday mornings.  So, you know, go often.  I love looking at the paper tags under all of the pinned insects.  We always laugh.  That poor bastard has been on that pin since 1897!!!!  
Except if you read the stories, you see he dissed her for reading twilight instead of doing the lab.
CHEEEEEESE DOOOOODLES
That isn't why we do what we do.  Every thread like this ends the same way - atheists making claims about a faith they do not, and have not tried to, understand.
I'm no longer the on-call support guy for a hosting company, so yes, bring it on.
Microsoft had earnings topping $50 billion last year.  Let them pay for it.  The $36 million cost of the bridge is a drop in the bucket for a company with earnings like that.  How about the stimulus money (if the taxpayer is going to get raped for it anyway) go to repairing/replacing the hundreds of thousands of substandard bridges that already exist?
A few hours early for April 1.
This looks a lot less like a crash and a lot more like the hummer decided to stop there...
STOP WITH THE FACTS!!!!
testomonials are lolworthy
&gt; I put Cars and Ratatoille at the bottom of my list, not because they're bad movies, but because I feel like anyone could make them. I just didn't get the feeling that Pixar was really trying. In Monsters Inc, fur and large environments were the challenges, in Nemo it was the water, in Wall*E it was air. In the rest, there really wasn't much of a challenge. They opted for the cartoon look to make up for a lack of detail.  You may be surprised just how much rendering research went into Ratatouille:  http://graphics.pixar.com/library/
meh. true there are *some* cops that are nice and polite and actually care about the citizens of their small town. but they change. they grow bitter. they grow more aggressive and start to push more and more boundaries.  this guy who got shot, if he stays with the police force i can bet you money that he'll shoot first and ask questions later from now on.
Please quote exact text.
No, your question was far more cunning than I imagined.  Well done, hopefully people think a bit about the world as a whole.
I was born, and joined the police force.
He's having a sissy fit because I nailed his good book in two sentences.
He should be torn into itty-bitty pieces and buried alive.
&gt;billion-dollar &gt;billion dollar The first looks more intelligent-er so I pick that one.
Well, at least it keeps the steampunks happy.
Maybe he's referring to the sub-sub-reddits.
Not necessarily, but his discoveries made it much easier to be one.  Before Darwin, the intelligent design hypothesis was the only widely accepted idea on the origin of life.
You must know different Windows users than me.
I smoke... seasons man.
You can't run away from the logical fallaciousness of the scientific method by invoking tentativity. The fact stands that the scientific method is not logically tenable. The dilemma is best summed up in one of my links you refused to read:  &gt;To reason abductively, then, is to commit a logical fallacy. Yet abductive reasoning is the form of reasoning by which scientists argue for their explanations of the natural world. This leaves us with a tough and interesting question: If scientists arrive at their explanations via logically fallacious arguments, what reason do we have for thinking their explanations are true?  Scientists are enaging in logically fallacious arguments, *period*. Digest that! I have wasted enough time here. Good bye.  Edit - oops sorry I thought you were Maleman there.
Please provide proof that is indeed the case.
Its a more efficient way of not wasting our money, but is, at the same time...still wasting money.  Maybe before congress and the government go running off to 'better manage' the banks they should show some management skills of their own budget.  What the hell is going on with defense spending, entitlements (which are threatening to spill over and engulf the federal budget), or even as reddit insists on pointing out: the drug war.  Krugman's policies arent going anywhere because they ignore political realities.  Just like any plan to get us out of this has to ignore political realities.
You beat me to it.
I got the impression "What the fuck am I supposed to do with *this*?"
BAH!  Stop thinking and go make music for them.  Just kidding.  Please find a label that does not side with them.  Do you have a website?
What does Les Miserables (the musical) have to do with American tax laws? They both have characters with an amazing ability to add up all the little charges to a staggering amount. Politicians or Thernardier, the Master of the House is truly a Bastard.
Science thinks too highly of itself...
Many posts are tagged with things like [PIC],[vid],[nsfw]; so what do you think about putting things such as these on the submit page with a checkbox? I'm sure that people would be much more inclined to properly bracket their submissions if a quick select like this was embedded. In addition, they could get a separate format so that it would not have to be included in the actual link.   *Just my 2c; if this has been discussed before, then please ignore my post ( I couldn't fine it anywhere )*
It's the only thing worse than AIDS.
15 upvotes and 0 downvotes  shame that it didn't get any exposure
The Fed created $2 trillion and gave it to...somebody. Nobody knows who. Bloomberg sued under the FOIA to have it made public, but was told the FOIA only applies to the government, which the Fed ain't.  It would be nice to know where the $2 trillion went.
what's it do?
It was on '95 at least. Mindmaze was my first Encarta encounter.
Come across one?   Hell, he *is* one!
What's that?
Yes, and [this](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/18/education/18college.html?_r=1&amp;scp=1&amp;sq=expectations%20students&amp;st=cse) is why.
No kidding. Grandparent misses a fundamental of secure application architecture, "The client is in the hands of the enemy."  Ask anyone who's ever written an even mildly-popular online game.
If you read reddit, you have reason to wonder.
Very attractive.
High quality beer really isn't *that* expensive. I don't see your point.
Microsoft Director Bill Gates sold 2 million shares of the software company he founded for $37.7 million, according to a late Monday filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
I hope you have your crowbar nearby .. .
Maybe they're using the actions of people in the Bible as symbols, e.g. "Jenny sleeps with 100 guys, and Jenny gets AIDS, so the children of Israel leave her to die in the desert"?
Birds: 1,000,000  Turtles (god bless them): 1
Speak for yourself.  I have zero debt.  And, I own a 3 year old cell phone and a 12 year old TV.  I have always refused to partake in unbridled consumerism.
&gt; I often find that the people who hate Atlas Shrugged often have a somewhat weak mind.  It's utterly stupid statements like this that led me to hate "objectivism" long before I knew what it was about.  Really, this kind of statement is on roughly the same level of discourse as attempting to win an argument by suddenly unzipping and masturbating vigorously, screaming "WELL HOW ABOUT THIS?"  Your attempt to lay claim to "many of the world's most successful people," the vaguest reference I've heard all day, is cheap and dishonest, and to put that in the same post as comments about "reality" being "objective" demonstrates that you're the sort of person whose only experience with cognitive dissonance is on its Wikipedia page.  Every "objectivist" I've met has mastered, as you have, the reverse ad-hominem attack, that bitterly insults the logic of people who don't think like you, like an autistic 10-year-old.  It makes me embarrassed for myself and intellectuals everywhere that there are people like this around giving us a bad name.  gdiaf.
Imgur is down ;o  Mirror!! http://www.redditmirror.cc/cache/websites/imgur.com_88zkw/imgur.com/CX3YO.png
"The only trace of us will be nothin' but a few styrofoam cups." I forget exactly how it goes.
If a 30 year old [Lisa II](http://www.lisa2.com/) can still run a website, I'm pretty sure a G3 isn't that slow.
Since we're on Card, can anyone answer this: Has he ever talked about how much he was influenced by The Forever War? ***SPOILER*** Ender's Game ended with the humans realizing that the Buggers really hadn't wanted to fight them at all, that it was basically a misunderstanding because the Buggers were a hive mind and couldn't communicate with or understand non-communal beings like humans.  This was almost exactly the ending of the Forever War, and it's so close I'd be surprised if he hasn't acknowledged the influence somewhere. ***SPOILER***
Yeah I never understood why some buses had them and some didn't. Maybe they were manufactured in different years?
Well that certainly changes my perspective on these blood-thirsty beasts.
The IDF? I certainly hope so but I don't think so.
For study, yeh, I agree. But when you're over-familiar with a given passage, a paraphrase can help make it fresh. Over the course of each week's services we read the whole book of Psalms, so sometimes it's easy to robot through the same old text and get numb to it. Read Peterson's "The Message," or Kenneth Taylor's "The Living Bible," and then go back to the usual, and some passages that have gotten overexposed will be fresh again :-)
It's priority seating, not reserved seating.   If all other seats are taken it is perfectly fine for an able bodied person to sit there.  If only handicapped spaces could be treated the same way.
I have a waterbed.  Somehow I feel like this is a bad idea.
... I would say that is an incorrect characterization.
I admire your perseverance, Lemm1w1nkz. Won't be refusing believe things are Chinese porn any more, will you?
Make sure you click on the [Analysis](http://www.math.ubc.ca/~cass/Euclid/ybc/analysis.html) link for an explanation of what the stone tablet is showing.
nonono! he was *leemuring* at you.
unfortunately it's not a standard tool on windows.
SKYNET!
Weekends of screaming asshole kids? No thanks, sad lion prefers Mondays.
:(  source?
Do not get it.
I've been bugging them over at IdeasForTheAdmins to put some of these types of features in the preferences.  I hear that they *do* listen, and incorporate our ideas.  I'm also sure that they have their eyes on what popular greasemonkey scripts people are coming up with.  BTW, thanks Pappenheimer!
That's the sequel.
No, dawg. He ain't. 
You can push most logic to the client safely, as long as validation is on the server as well.  That's the biggest messy part.
Fiat Money itself doesn't cause more severe crashes.. Its when the government uses the perks of Fiat money to print more and attempt to avoid downturns by throwing money at it, does it cause the crash to be more severe the next time the cycle hits.
the $4 torpedo is a rip-off  after i saw the ad, i went to go see if it was any good (i suppose their advertising *did* work to some extent), as i was a long-time subway $5 supporter.  i ordered a sandwhich, and sure, it was pretty good; but it was extremely tiny (not what she said). They had made it seem so large on-screen, so when i saw the real thing, it was a bit of a let-down.  Even the subway ones were enlarge on tv, but the sizes were reasonably accurate, not like the quiznos torpedo
I'm eating one as we speak. Pesto Turkey to be exact, and it's *delicious!*
The unions aren't evil.  They're just stupid.  They don't realize that commerce is a global enterprise nowadays - and there are a hundred starving workers out there (that would kill for a tenth as much money) for each cushy union job in their factory - with absolutely no reason why that factory couldn't move there instead...
When I was in middle school I remember one of the police officers lecturing us on car safety giving us a reason for that. I don't remember the reason though.   There is also the issue with kids not wearing them and then just using them to bash each each other in the face with the buckle or strangling each other with seat belts.
I made up for it though using scottklarr's trick and added like, .15% to yes.
Aren't jury members told not to read newspapers? Isn't this just an extension of the same idea?
I am still debating as to whether this this the best thing I've ever seen, or the worst. 
I love hanging out.  It's the best.
I Thought you were going to link to the story where the mini ran straight into the side of a truck/suv (i forget) and flipped it. EDIT: Link http://www.northamericanmotoring.com/forums/off-topic-autos/158652-mini-vs-tahoe-you-wont-believe-who-wins.html
As far as I understand, the NCAP tests do not include a rear impact test before 2009.  Since 2009 they do a whip-lash test for rear impact (only the seat is tested). I doubt a whiplash test would have helped in this case - the whole compartment was crushed. Luckily there was no pasangers in the car - they would have been killed for sure. --- EDIT: just found this site (thought about registering it): http://bansuvs.com/
I've been as well. I was walking around trying to think of a non-extinct animal that I **didn't** see on display there. Couldn't do it.
Of course right now it is not "dangerous" payload wise.   But the problem is that it downloads payloads. Will nothing happen?  will something happen?   There is no bubble to bust or not to bust,  no one knows period. Saying that nothing will happen is as stupid as being 100% sure something will. A payload is what it downloads,  the question is whats in the payload,  an update to its internal code,  adware updates to annoy everyone,  a local spam program to display photos of clowns at a rate of 52 images per 3 seconds?   Who knows.   But seriously,  do not come on here saying "It will not release anything"   That's just silly to assume.  I don't know whats going to happen,  but conficker activity has increased a lot lately,   I do back end support for several ISPs and in the last 2 weeks its been conficker conficker conficker....
i would use the opportunity to try everything i ever wanted to and then finish it off with a gallon of bacardi 151 proof rum.
I worked in IT at Lehman before the bankruptcy and this was printed full-page and posted on my cube. This was the other cartoon I pinned up:  http://www.undergroundpolitics.com/index.php/markets_and_economy/wisdom_from_1875.html
Sounds like a GOP talking point.
IT'S A METAPHOR FOR BRITISH FOREIGN POLICY
Or we ran out of our latest &lt;insert Celebrity here&gt; news.  *sigh in despair*
Was your Windows box compromised?
I feel your pain, there is nothing worse than a business being run on the logic some 16 year old temp wrote into an Office97 Excel spreadsheet just before he left the company, especially when each member of the sales team has a slightly different copy and suddenly there is a problem and the people in IT didn't even know the thing existed...
We'll be safe in this submission!
Very possible. The churches here lobbied the city council here a few months ago and successfully blocked a change to loosen some pretty strict alcohol laws. Our county already doesn't allow liquor sales (except in bars).
So aroused I'm fisting my pee-hole.
*in bed*
First firearm ban I've ever supported.
Even graciously assuming you start from absolute empty, twice a day means you'll have 12 hours' worth built up each time. 12 hours = 720 minutes, and at 50,000 per minute, that's 36 million swimmers. Remember, it only takes one to do the job!
Compared to national income, the US public debt today is still not as great as it was through [quite a bit of recent history;](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_public_debt) and neither is it as great as the current public debt of [many other countries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_public_debt).  *America is not broke.*  Far from being some recent doublespeak coinage, [counter-cyclical policy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Countercyclical) is an old and well-known concept in macroeconomics, a cornerstone of Keynesianism for example.  Furthermore, the Clinton administration "wound back" (to use mschy's phrase) without too much fuss.  It's not a stretch to imagine it can still be done.
Obama and his ilk have done nothing but prove that they're just as lame as all the others.  Expect the Democrats to get their asses handed to them at the next election. Obama's approval ratings have been slipping. ALready down to 61%.
Karma whore
Try YouTube.
I completely know what you mean.  The first time I finished the show I hated how I ended it, but after a little thought and a rewatch I came to *really* enjoy it.
One thing in Waterworld's defense. Most of the money was sunk into the huge floating city which was completely destroyed in a storm off the coast of California. So... they built it again. It wouldn't have had the highest budget of all time (at the time) had this not happened.  However this still does not make it a good movie, I just thought I'd add that note.
oh yeah... the newer ones don't have as much leg room as MKII or MKIII for some reason, dunno why any designer would cut something so important.
looking at your own cock and thinking that it is awesome vs. masturbating to a "woman" with a dick is a totally different ball game. (pun intended)
... and that is most likely powering these lasers.
Because government by nature is 100% incapable of providing this paradase. Ask anyone who lived in the former soviet union (where I live). If you think your government is different, you are wrong. The bigger a government gets the more it misuses its power and becomes innefectual at doing what people need it to do.  And would you really want to live completely under state control with no free will? If so, you are a sad person indeed.
Technically you can't prove the non-existence of God.  Just sayin' Catholics....
Maybe I'm handicapped by the accent, but British chicks aren't ugly.
I have to admit, years ago I visited Harvard's Museum of Natural History and was disappointed not to see the famed glass flowers. I did see rows and rows of plant cuttings on display arranged like a botanical encyclopedia. Now I realize, those were the glass flowers. D'oh!
Shall we review the definitions of Communism and Socialism? It would seem such a venture would be in order, especially in such baseless claims as "socialism = loss of liberty"  First lets begin with communism, the big baddie. From the definition of Mr. Marx, undiluted by later power hungry autocrats hammering it to justify their rule:  * Communism is a socioeconomic structure and political ideology that promotes the establishment of an egalitarian, classless, stateless society based on common ownership and control of the means of production and property in general.  Communism is best characterized as the high minded ideal while socialism (see the following) is the attempt to create a practical application of said ideal. Socialism is much less well defined, representing various approaches and idealogical attempts to reach or create communism.  * Socialism refers to a broad set of economic theories of social organization advocating public or state ownership and administration of the means of production and distribution of goods, and a society characterized by equality for all individuals, with a fair or egalitarian method of compensation.  We must also not forget that under pure capitalism slavery would be an easily accepted practice, the pursuit of profit would rule all else. Elevating those blessed by fortune to high status and casting everyone else before the grindstone of industry.   What is worse, To be told you are free at every opportunity, but to be denied a descent life for want of gold or to live a good life, lacking a few freedoms only desired by those who would oppress you?  Edit: formatting.
Good.
I would say your panties are on too tight if you take that seriously.
I work with pools, and he would have saved a lot of hassle by getting an actual above ground pool kit.  Most of those can be set up completely freestanding, no 2x4s necessary.  I cringed a bit when I realized it was an in ground pool.
Or is it a series of evasive answers?  If there is a biological basis for the mind then does that mean that intelligence does not exist?
Illuminating Political Cartoon by Michael Dibari
Hello adrianmonk!  Yes indeed the Ruby program is monkey asses slow. Your trick of removing the selected element is a good one even in order to remove frequent elements that are just shorter or shifted versions of elements already included and that will not be very useful in pratice, but I noticed that my table is short enough that it was not needed.  I think the hash table should work pretty well in practice since the collisions are very little, but a better approach can be to find a perfect hashing table to avoid one of the loops I've in the code at all. Thanks for your comment!
I want $11 million to fund my next indie film.  With a budget like that, I could keep 300 people employed for two years while making the film.  Am I going to get it from the government?  Hell no.
German inflation was caused by WW1 fallout.  American arrogance is caused by our status as the single superpower and by far richest nation. All our global dominance and prosperity actually makes us lazy and dumb. Things like outsourcing eventually means your outsourcing innovation also. Germans were desperate and crushed after WW1.  American are in a completely different state of mind. A major change is corporate power and consolidation of that power. We used to have seperations of media and financial markets. We allowed them to consolidate for profit and in doing so they lost their integrity.  Think about it, a consolidated media is a weapon of mass control all in itself. We've gone from 80 major TV networks to 6. Capitalism and democracy both rely on the informed citizen. If media can lie to the masses they can bypass both of these core principles. The core problem is the rich using corporations to take power and money from the lower classes. They are sidestepping the democratic process using powers given to them by that very process because they make so much more money than politicians. The growing wealth gap will prove to have many nasty faces. Individual wealth is going down as it is consolidated into the hands of fewer and fewer people. That is the core problem and it will destabilize the nation without a doubt. History shows wealth gaps cause class warfare just about every time. We cannot be the land of freedom and opportunity with an out of control wealth gap. We are becoming surfs and indentured servants again as the aristocracy shows off it's new brand names.   That, my friend, is the problem.   I believe the boom and bust cycle obviously applies to basic mentality and culture. If you reward a dumb animal over and over for doing less and less, it becomes lazier and lazier. Mankind is little more than a dumb animal. Long periods of prosperity are followed by fiscal and commonly intellectual busts. War and periods of hardship commonly mark the fastest progress and highest productivity. People don't merely come together, rather the basic core goal of the brain, survivability, reacts most efficiently to negative stimulus. We like bad news, we learn from our mistakes, and history is filled with horrific events followed by bursts of enlightenment. At the core the earth itself and all it's organisms (most of which are extinct) were shaped by a series of disasters. Had earth been a paradise of positive stimulus evolution would probably not have created as complex life. You need to basically wipe out the planet a few times and each time you get more complex life with more survivability.  If food is plentiful you don't learn how to hunt or needs tools. It's hardship that builds nations and minds, not living the high life. We've lived the high life basically since the end of ww2 and it's time to pay for our arrogance. People need bad times every so often to kick them in their ass and make them remember why you don't blindly hand more and more power over to less and less people. They learn efficiency and minimalism again. They learn community and harder work ethics. All the lessons of hardship make us stronger while endless money markets posting pseudo-profits drain real industry, work ethic and innovation. People are now far more aware and want heads to roll, that in itself is a huge improvement. I've been watching the home market with dread since 99 because.. does it take a lot of economic expertise to see rent and mortgage rates outpacing salary like mad. You don't need reasoning at that point, you are observing a sure sign of a coming bust when real estate is doubling while wage is stagnant. But homeowners liked the new found equity and had little protest, thousands of other industries boomed also and the psedo-money came rolling in making the economy look invincible, unless of course the impossible happens... deflation. Then the house of debt cards collapses. If you have a 30:1 debt ration like some of these banks and the market deflates 10% you just lost 3 times more money than you actually have. You are triple bankrupt with margins like that. It leads back to an arrogant belief that these markets were too solid to post major losses and real estate always goes up.. even when you are artificially inflating it with low interest rates for a decade. 
Stupid rednecks argue about truck companies, but smart geeks argue about computer companies.
What? Surviving a nuclear explosion in a refrigerator that lands several miles away from the blast isn't realistic??? 
All due respect, we could pray that people act intelligently right now.  What I'm looking for is some kind of incentive structure to make it actually happen.
&gt;"...though patients will still pay for precriptions."  Man, I hate paying for precriptions. So expensive.
&gt; Maybe 16 votes &gt; Not now - later 1 vote &gt; Yes 62 votes &gt; No way 62 votes
I thought the flying penguin thing was pretty well done and enjoyed it.
And you will see that my original comment was: "Out of all the atheists I know. (Being a programmer and musician, I know a few.) Most of them are atheists because:" So, him bringing up reddit atheists is pretty much irrelevant.  Bleh, I was going to write more, but I gots to go home! Yippeee!
Did she take part in your WIN?
I'm surprised that people are so willing to just jump on a lion because they've been told it's "ok".  I find the whole idea to be disgusting, not to mention the fact that you never know when the lion might snap, like what happened to that Indian guy a couple years ago.
I forgot his name. Turns out, I was doing him a favor, as he was trolling on purpose, then trying to get all the karma back once he spent it.  anywho...  Someone's been doing it to me recently.
&gt;A Civic provides a reasonable compromise between safety to the occupants and safety to others.  And I suppose you get to decide what is reasonable?
Become a science fiction writer.
[citation needed]
I heard they hunt in packs. 
Sorry to break it to you man but Reddit now has a pretty strong atheist presence. We might downmod (oh no!) and 'belittle' (THE HUMANITY!) religious beliefs here, but the majority of us don't go and do it in churches, mosques, or synagogues.   Life sucks, get a helmet.
SUVs provide marginally better protection in head on collision. However they're many times more likely to roll in such an incidence, and many times more likely to cause serious injury to other vehicles involved. Only assholes and farmers drive SUVs.
But they really only seriously started opening up to tourists in the 90's, and it shows. The all-inclusive resorts in Cuba do not even compare to what you find elsewhere in the Caribbean. Once the first real wave of Americans goes to stay at these resorts, they'll come back disappointed.  Besides, all-inclusive resorts and the regions they are located are not what make Cuba a great place to visit. The experience you get in Havana is much more rewarding than sitting on the beach at some half-rate resort.
1. Start a new religion.  2. Get it officially recognized by the govt. 3. Write a bible wherein the gods command you to grow marijuana and sell it to converts. 4. ??? 5. Profit.
too bad linux is shit compared to windows
If we knew about another civilization out in the stars, and we suddenly found out that it was destroyed by the residents..I think that would be newsworthy.  It would only be 992 years old to *us*, it would take a long time for it to travel to them (Where they would know the event is old, but the news is new to them).
His name is Robert Paulson.
uh, yay?
It's certainly not a full stack.  It's entirely client side.  But, I think you're overblowing how hard it is to have a REST endpoint that just dumps JSON data out.  We're talking 3-4 lines.  Even in a crappy language.
That's one heck of a nice lawn.
Only the first PSX version was worth playing. When I tried to play the second game I felt a profound sense of loss, indignation, shame, and hatred.
I'll agree it was a waste of time because all of your ideas are idiotic. In your lame example that supposedly proves that the scientific method is a logical fallacy, you completely butcher the scientific method.  The scientific method does not assume your hypothesis to be true if it is confirmed by one limited experiment. You seemed to understand that when you included the step: "Test the prediction through experiments or further observation in the field."  Yet, in your example, you state:   * If P then Q.  * Q.  * Therefore P.  What about the possibility that R caused Q? Science does in fact account for this but your rain example doesn't. In other words, you are a fucking idiot. 
Seriously now, this one is not be overlooked! This release packs ten relentless, stern and severe tracks which made Chris Liebing, well, Chris Liebing. There's no experimenting here, just the good old, punishing german hard techno he got globally known for delivering. Huge and loud drum kicks and snares marching with throbbing bass lines. Basic, raw and minimal. Ligamusic.com
It's better than a thumbs down symbol.
Ditto. I'm only 24! ;_;
They got me too. I figured Brazilian.
You don't seem to understand that she finds herself in this situation because of her own actions.  Take responsibility.  The insults in reply to my first statement clearly show the lack of intelligence of those responders.  I don't take offense, one day you might get it, the light might click.  Try and find a successful mentor or something.  Good luck.
Scratch that! I found it [here!](http://www.skillvideos.com/Ichiro-makes-a-laser-throw-This-is-great-play.htm) now i have to download it before that video gets pulled too
The problem with the Tenth Amendment dolts is that they never [read](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necessary_and_Proper_Clause) the [rest](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supremacy_Clause) of the Constitution.
It turns the display upside down. 
Yeah, dumber people are *much* easier to govern.
the one who puts his gun down is the good guy. 
Instead of a hose I use a flower/garden sprayer to spray water on my bikes. If the bike needs soaping (like after a ride in the rain), I use hand wash soap applied with a soft sponge (just like in the article) and spray it off with the garden sprayer.
I've spent the past year studying these things. There are plenty of differences. I can explain if you'd like.
relevance?
So... we won the war?
...while the Afghanistan numbers go up...
Actually they do have at least one martial art they can call their own, it's called backhold wrestling. The following vid features a girl that's pretty good at it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GncZoKF-v_c&amp;feature=related
So the virus is pinging back to a single solitary computer somewhere?
If they are truly insane, or claim insanity as a defense, it is. Judges even have the option of imposing insanity defense themselves. However, even repeat criminality is not proof of insanity, so locking them up for life in unjust.  And besides, so many of the sex "offenders" will not be repeat offenders (the 6 year-olds, these teen girls, the 18 year old dating 16 year olds - and surprisingly, these make up a *lot* of the list) - for the ones that are still dangerous, sure, keep the registry if we must. But if someone were actually watching and making rational decisions about it rather than automatic sex-registry listing, it would work a ton better. It should be a punishment that a jury must add on at sentencing, with proof beyond a reasonable doubt because of the severity.
Trust me, when I hadn't doubted my Christianity (I was about 13), just the sight of those books scared the shit out of me, and I *still* don't get why people want the apocalypse to come.
somewhere near shoop county, i believe 
Wikitard here. Is there a way to view deleted content via the revisions?
Yup, I tried to learn to count to ten in german with that. I roughly remember them as ein, zwai, thrai, fier, funf, sig, siven, aght, noin, des.  PS. I wasn't so far off, properly written they are eins, zwai, drei, vier, fnf, sechs, sieben, acht, neun, zenh.
Well played.
oooo now thats rough. I'm sorry you had to go through such punishment.
The wost driving I saw last Labor day was all cops.  Without lights flashing, driving 30 mph over the limit in unmarked cars, weaving around traffic like maniacs - the marked cruisers were worse. Really, if they are in a legit hurry, that's what the lights and sirens are for.
And then he probably went to a different site.
Only under the GPL, which makes it off-limits to a lot of companies. There is Apache Harmony, but Sun is refusing to give them the test harness needed. And without passing the tests, they cannot claim to be Java compatible and have to deal with IP issues.
i think it primarily depends on what you are going into. secondly, it depends on the institution you are transferring to and whether or not they accept the credits of the community college.
mm, the US and Canada so far, and for someone who lives in Australia that's actually reasonably interesting.
Very well.  I won't get it.
I'm a Jew. We are hereby revoking Christianity's license to practice religion.
&gt; and every time it just bites us in the end - being just a wasted time sink  What failed about it, or why didn't it work out? Not trolling; actually curious.
Replace the word 'rent' with the word 'babysit' and you've got yourself a deal.
My scumbag brother just quit being a cop to join Blackwater. He's one of the worst people i know.
Yes, because it's wasting my hard earned money that I could be spending on things like improving my home, buying consumer goods, and taking a much needed vacation - all things that will help keep companies in business and workers employed.  I can spend my money far better than the government can.
Shut up and stop complaining.  ANUS.com is banned as a hate site for blasphemy, criticism of Israel, and support for nationalism.  Eat dicks.
Sauce?
See; US Politics, 2000-2008.
The hell? The US spans 6 time zones. (8+ if you want to get technical) I think we understand how they work.  Plus Conficker isn't waiting for midnight, April 1, local time- that's just what it will start looking for updates. The update hasn't been issued yet.  The update, if there is one, will occur at the same time worldwide.
lol don't be so pussy-whipped and eat meat dude
I think I remember that guy. It was his birthday and he was trying to lose like 3000 karma in one day or something. He was quite obviously trolling, which is the wrong way to go about it
There's a proven correlation between intelligence and athiesm, I have no idea where you're coming up with this argument.
Have you heard Ayreon's *The Human Equation*? He sounds great in that, and really fits in with the rest of the ensemble.
It took me a few times to learn this lesson as well.   Solution:  CASH your check;  don't tell the bank teller you want to make a deposit until AFTER you have the cash in hand..  THEN make the deposit. Also, don't make the mistake of asking them to cash it, then deposit it.. make sure you have the dollars in your hand before asking for a deposit.  (Learned that lesson too.)  Aside from an annoyed teller; your account will be ready for business in a matter of minutes.
&gt;1960s technology to make it safer.
Since this is in a business situation this has no relevance here but if you like to wear a tinfoil hats.  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/scienceandtechnology/technology/technologynews/4969463/Internet-conspiracy-theories-abound-over-Symantec-Pifts.exe-file.html
anybody could have seen this coming...   "hey guys!  post your images here and hot link!"  BOOM site down.
The web traffic proxy content transmogrification idea is good, but here's how to make it even better: From this tread and whatever other sources or obscure parts of your brain you can tap, come up with a list of different things the proxy could do: Word replacements or changes, image replacements or changes, redirections to certain sites, the odd embedded/iframed hidden [sound](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5C6X9vOEkU) [effect](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8MDNFaGfT4), etc. Once you have a list of at least 20 different things (preferably more), configure your proxy to randomly pick between them -- but only very, very rarely. The Web should function perfectly normally in response to 98 or 99% of HTTP requests. Only one or two percent of requests should actually trigger one of your "special effects", and then the proxy should decide at random which special effect it's going to apply. With luck, it's going to take quite a while before people cop on to things; especially since if they load a page and it weirdly looks ever so subtly blurry, the blurriness will be gone as soon as they reload the page.   For added hijinx (but decreased productivity), make the "special effects" become increasingly frequent as the end of the workday draws closer...   If you want to be really clever you could set up your proxy so that on the dot at closing time all the other shenanigans will stop -- except now there's a 50% probability that HTTP GET requests get redirected to this thread...
I was thinking about all the little changes I had made - and even though they were pretty minor, I realized that if I multiplied that by a few million other people it would be pretty significant.  Anyway -  1. Reduced my commute from 1 hour to 30 min by moving closer to work (this was in 2006). Started carpooling a few times a week as well. So I figure I cut my fuel consumption by more than half.  2. Recycle at least 30 percent of all household waste. We have a once a week "single source" pickup. Usually put a tall trash can of recyclables and one large "kitchen bag" of non-recyclables (diapers, etc)  3. Compost all of my kitchen waste (except for meat/dairy). I do this religiously. I am actually very proud of my compost pile. Started this a year ago - so I have a a 4X4 bin full to use as a base for this years garden.  4. In the middle of winter we were able to reduce our power bill by at least 20% by keeping the thermostat at 68 degrees Fahrenheit. It was chilly in the house sometimes but nothing a sweater/sweat pants couldn't handle. In the summer we did the same with AC. Mostly not using it at all. When we did use it - we had it set for 72.  5. Have been pretty religious about keeping lights/appliances off when not in use. All lightbulbs are compact florescents. This has been for a few years now.  6. Have had a very small garden for a few years now (live in a townhouse with a pretty small backyard). This year hope to have a bumper crop with my hard earned compost. Bought a bunch of heirloom seeds - tomatoes, cucumbers, squash, zucchini, sweet and hot peppers and some peas. And some herbs (unfortunately not the THC type).  7. We have always washed our clothes in cold water for as long as I can remember - so I'm not sure if it is a "change" - but I'll include it.  8. Last year started the recycling program at work. ~50 people, lots of meetings - we recycle literally tons of glass, cans, and paper.  9. We try to buy organic when possible - it's actually more of a taste thing. I try to avoid organics if they come from halfway around the world. We started going to the farmers market last year - just a few times and didn't do any major shopping though. Hope to do a lot more of that this year.   So those are some of the things that immediately come to mind. Almost seems pointless when you think about it at the individual level - but if 20% of Americans made similar changes that would be very significant. And these changes have been pretty painless and some are actually fun (gardening and composting ftw!)
*...d-d-d-did you l-l-look-k-k... ???*
HA!
Cars was cute but not for a general audience. It was your typical 6 year old movie.
...Do you know where you are?
They were active in NY Mensa together for a long time and he had a huge crush on her (Mom was gorgeous back in the day).  To the best of my knowledge, he never got any - she never cared much for sex (to the best of my knowledge).
If you don't like Hummers then don't buy one.
Subway?
Ever stop to think you may be speaking to 'non-Americans'? You know, people who may live in these frightening 'socialist' countries? Oh -but how could they possibly be on the internets when clearly they cannot afford a computer, or have the freedom to do so?  America never defeated 'socialism' BTW. If you are thinking of the end of the cold war, that was Communism - a vast difference. Your friendly neighbor to the north, Canuckistan, is good example of a socialist/capitalist country. (Hmm...with the soundest banking system in the world?) 
AH, double negative!!! *head explodes*
Honorably admitting defeat negates that negative karma, turning it into positive karma.
I wonder why the former president of  "the Canadian Society Of Petroleum Geologists" would be against it?   Seriously though, this proves or disproves nothing. Cheers to matts2. 
Yeah, liking penis or vagina isn't the same as liking men or women. Genitalia does not define the person.  As a side note, I would like to point out that the term "shemale" is quite offensive, on the same level as something like "faggot" or "nigger". You generally won't see it used anywhere except porn sites.
wasn't this news like 2 months ago?
And when did it become the G20 by the way?  It used to be the G7.  Then it became the G8 when it added Russia.  Now it is the G20?!  What countries are in it?
Real productive. All sorts of good-intentioned people will want to become a cop when there are psychos out there who take pleasure in their death.   /sarcasm
Your students are too nice!
Thank you so much for the response - very helpful already, as I am way out of touch with modern computer specs.  I am doing HPC now on my laptop - a dual core Intel T7200 @ 2Ghz with 1.25 RAM.  It works pretty well (way better than the 10 year old single core 1.7Ghz processor I have), but mostly is a pain because the lappie is my main computer, and so it's out of commission for me when doing HPC.  That's why I want to use the lappie as a "terminal" for logging into the workhorse remotely.  Point taken about upgradeable, I will forget about it.  But I don't understand the "cheap out" point - if it's good for media serving why wouldn't it also be good for doing all the matrix algebra work too?  Sorry if I'm hopelessly uninformed!  BTW, sounds like prebuilt is the way to go; I've always defaulted to dells because so many people have them (makes installing linux easier for a non-cs person like myself) but if another brand name is better these days, suggestions appreciated.
No way! He... he didn't, did he? I mean, I couldn't imagine a professional athlete actually taking an endorsement from a company! That... well, that is just absurd! I couldn't believe it if I tried!
http://fimoculous.com/archive/post-5738.cfm   Income barely covers hosting fees
Major story, but a more reliable source would be nice.
i wonder if the police are starting to notice how the general public is increasingly becoming hostile to their antics and presence?  any reason why the cop was at that party when he was *called* to another location that was close by?  **The officer happened upon the group when he was responding to another call in the area.**
About 4 inches. =0
True... or at least probably true...but so did Joseph Smith, Muhammad, L. Ron Hubbard, the ancient kings of Egypt and Bruce Lee - but none of them were gods or touched by gods...although I still think Bruce Lee was pretty cool. Simply having existed is not proof of divinity.   By the way, a central tenet of Catholicism is the transfiguration of the Eucharist - this is where the communion host actually becomes the flesh of Jesus during the mass. Let me repeat that - Catholics believe that the communion host changes to the flesh of Jesus during mass. I was brought up Catholic and somehow missed this point in Sunday school. When I got married my wife brought this up and I nearly shit my pants when I found out it was true. After that I couldn't go to mass anymore - all the incense, sprinkling magic water and chanting seemed just a little too silly. And to top it all off we were practicing cannibalism (and according to the teaching of the church REAL cannibalism) while worshiping a zombie god. During the few masses I was able to sit through I can remember watching the priest thinking "Come on man, you have a university degree...you don't really believe this stuff."  Now when people ask me what church I go to I just tell them that I don't go in for all that "Harry Potter spooky magic" stuff. That seems to piss off the fundies.
How does one go about getting that quantity of mercury? I see a way to entertain the neighbor hood kids for a while.
This is Educated Mom, Angella Yeagers Bio! so here I am, a small town country girl and I move to the city to live with my husband. At first I was thinking that moving into the city would be scary with crowds, traffic, etc. But, I ended up on the outskirts of the city on the side of a mountain in the middle of woods, with a cemetery as my back yard.
No. I think it's just a person who hates the world.
Bye!  :)
You're not gay unless you willingly do 'em.
rothbard is light years ahead of rand. skip rand and go right to "the ethics of liberty".
This list needs to include "The Happening." That has to be the single worst movie that I've ever seen in a theater. 
I might finally break down and get an iPhone now that they have the skype application
Yes I have. Unfortuntately OpenJDK is licensed in such a way that many commerical companies cannot use it. Have you heard of Apache Harmony? It would be usable by commerical developers but Sun is blocking it.
do you think they'd get pissed if i called them "vampire kids" or perhaps offered them some clamato juice?
*golf clap*
No problem. It's cool.
He's in Austin.  Houses in that part of Texas have concrete foundations, and no crawlspace and generally no pipes under them (they run through the walls and ceiling).  I suspect the foundation was fine.  But, very likely anywhere else.
Geez man, I was just having fun. =-D  But for nitpick value:   &gt; even if you accept as a given that "everybody lies," that doesn't say "everybody is a habitual liar."  Of course it doesn't.  Nor did I imply that it would.  Just because I don't trust you to tell the truth doesn't mean I am asserting that what you are saying right now is a lie either.  &gt; habitually honest people are willing to lie under certain circumstances  How do I know that House wasn't under one of those circumstances when he made the statement?  Which means he *might* be lying, which means you can't trust that statement.
I have been trying to view this pic for about 7 hours now. every time the site is down.  fail
Ditto.  All crimes should end up in front of a court.
Same here, although i'm still on the 'nets less. maybe it's really just a ploy to prevent you from being sociable and meeting other men?
Probably an American tourist trying to be funny
Then GTFO.   It's like half the comments these days have "upmod" and "downmod" in them.
That is a possibility.
Reminds me of this:  [http://www.michaelbach.de/ot/col_lilacChaser/index.html](http://www.michaelbach.de/ot/col_lilacChaser/index.html)
what does a dog do with 15,000 bucks?
No.  That just explains why they *don't* call it a quarter pounder.
Thanks for explaining this; I had been wondering about it.
I didn't start smoking until I was 23.  I had moved out from my parents house, was supporting myself, had a good job and after a lot of consideration and seeing how it didn't change my roommate, I smoked.  It was awesome.  I was kind of drunk the first time, so you can't really count that one...but I have ever since.  I smoke almost daily now, but with moderation...one bowl when I get home and one before I go to bed.  I quit drinking all together because I don't like hangovers.  I feel great in the morning, drive to work, and get shit done.  The fact that this is not legal will not stop me, the fact that it is illegal does not matter to me.  There are too many ways to pass tests and too many ways to hide it.  The government needs to grow up and realize I can make and will make my own decisions when it comes to my body.
This is why Japanese people are obsessed with the concept of robots with cannons in place of arms.
mayonesa:  &gt; It's not difficult to figure out what "race box" to put Obama into: his race is mulatto, his mother is mostly English-descended and his father is African of potentially partial Arabic parentage.  &gt; mulatto is still an accepted term for a person with one white and one black parent.  DebtOn:  &gt; The US census hasn't used the term mulatto since 1930.  mayonesa:  &gt; The US census is not an acknowledged authority on biology.  DebtOn:  &gt; No, but if they've decided not to use the word, I'm guessing biologists have abandoned it as well.  mayonesa:   &gt; Guessing doesn't make it so.  DebtOn:  &gt; Evidence does. Where's yours?  mayonesa:  &gt; http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=mulatto  There it is.  You were talking biology, I said mulatto is not a biological term, you disagreed and gave a dictionary definition that said very clearly it is "not a technical term".  Annoying that I have to reread the thread to you, but there it is.  Now if you would kindly present *any* evidence that mulatto is an acceptable biological descriptor?
When I die you may eat my brain.  It will give you power.
Really? I don't see how that's the case so far.
Sounds like an episode of Trailer Park Boys.
Wrong. For the seventh time in this thread I will point out that while Bush was dishonest with his accounting, the Author of the article that I submitted was not. The 26% increase over 2006 levels is accurate.
Aww, poor Ernest. Everyone makes fun of him for killing himself :-(  Perhaps you should try reading some of his short stories instead. I hope you like them :-)
Is this a bad post?  Sure seems better than any lolcatsor another "legalize pot now" self-post to me...
Funny enough, my computer is an alienware.  Hand-me-down, of course.
Could we try NOT posting photos of people dying? kthnxbye
Had to actually time it. I got 32 s from pressing enter in the Grub menu to the Gdm login screen, then another 12 s for the first login into Gnome.That's about 44 s from cold boot to a usable Gnome, not counting BIOS. Not bad, but not quite 20 s. Some of the 'instant boot' products advertise 40 s boot times. This is Fedora 11 Beta on a 2.66 GHz Intel Core2 system. The Beta likely has some debugging enabled, which will not be there in the final version.
Add [Coq Art: Interactive-Theorem-Proving-Program-Development](http://www.amazon.com/Interactive-Theorem-Proving-Program-Development/dp/3540208542) in this venue. The book in the parent link is new to me but I like what I've seen so far. The Coq Art book is more about learning to use the Gallina langauge and techniques for writing and using tactics. It has a pragmatic feel, which is weird considering its subject is so close to pure theory. In all it makes a fun "lab" workbook for the autodidact and I am still working through it as I find time.  I also liked ["Logic and Structure" by Dirk van Dalen](http://www.amazon.com/Logic-and-Structure/dp/B000R7I06W) because it gets on with symbols quickly but still has enough explaination for a beginner like me to follow.   I usually hate wordy logic books but I am enjoying Tarski's [Introduction to Logic](http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Logic-Alfred-Tarski/dp/048628462X) because his prose descriptions and explainations thoughtfully explain *why* instead of *how*. I have a few high-school/undergrad books that explain the *how* in boring and long winded prose. Barf. Tarski's Intro to Logic is also expanding my vocabulary. I wish I would have read this one first, followed by Dirk van Valen's, and finally the top one on constructive logic.
Win for the American Taliban!!! 
No thanks, because I work for government departments, and none of them use Linux.  (none in my city anyway!)
How so?  BTW, not to derail the conversation, but I think Israel's is quite a bit more clandestine.
As I said earlier, please inform yourselves. Chinese Foreign Reserves consist mainly of US dollars or securities denominated in US dollars. If China takes steps to devalue the US dollar, it is also a step to devalue their currency. How does this make it stronger than the dollar? It doesn't.  The pegging is a strategy to avoid a sudden change in value of the RMB. In the past, the "sudden change" was serious appreciation of it as an effect of currency speculation and capital inflows for investment. The "sudden change" feared now is devaluation.  Please name me ONE country that lacks debt (with source).  Anyway, if you are looking for a strong currency, look at the Euro, (or gold!)... The Argentinean Peso, or the Chinese RMB are not viable alternatives.
The Bushbarians were masters of doublespeak.   "They hate us for our freedoms." As the US evolves even more into a surveillance/incarceration nation.
And correlation does not imply causation.  Component for component, I can build a PC as powerful and reliable as any iMac or whatever their server-class hardware is running Windows or Linux (preferably Windows for driver issues).  It will run all the same software--I've been using all the major magazine design software that is traditionally put on Macs (Quark, InDesign, Photoshop, etc.) without any issues or difficulties.  This is in addition to the scads of Windows-only software at my fingertips.  Seeing as how I know my way around computers, I don't need to worry about virusing myself, borking up Windows (as it is admittedly easier to fuck with than Mac in a negative as well as positive way).  And in the end of the day, it will cost a fraction of what the Mac does.  In every conceivable way.  People talk about the Mac tax being on the looks you get with your Mac, and that is flat-out wrong.  The Mac tax is the added cost applied to users who A) have no idea how to properly use a computer and need to be hand-held to avoid breaking it, or B) want to be seen owning the coolest, hippest, most expensive gear on the planet.  So long as you don't have an inferiority complex and know how a computer works, there is no disadvantage to saving money and buying a perfectly functional, high-powered PC over the more expensive Mac version of the same hardware.  If, on the other hand, you're buying a first computer for your rich grandma and don't want to teach her how to avoid viruses and spyware and how to use AdBlock, then sure, go ahead and get her the Mac and feel no shame about it.  It *is* harder to break, and I'll freely give you that.  But the tool comparison doesn't quite hold up.  In this case, the person buying the tool in question has absolutely no idea how to use, let's say, jackhammers.  The cheap jackhammer is a big, noisy powerhorse with no stability control, a long and difficult to understand manual, and a small On/Off button.  The expensive jackhammer is svelte and pretty, does all of the jackhammering for you, has sensors to make sure it isn't trying to pound through something that will break it, doesn't require a manual at all, and has a big shiny button that does everything.  Anyone who knows a damned thing about using a jackhammer will pick up the cheap one and use it properly and safely for the rest of their life with no problems.  However, someone who has no business jackhammering at all can pick up the more expensive one, try to plow through titanium and get a warning not to.  Their jackhammer will then pounce off and knock through some concrete while whistling a pretty tune.  Clearer on the real differences yet?  If you're a grown up and can take care of your electronics, there's no downside to Windows.  If you need your hand held, buy the Mac, pay the tax, and don't complain when snooty Unix sysadmins call you a retard for not wanting to spend your whole time writing bash scripts and compiling Linux by hand using nothing but notepad++ and a stick of gum.
http://omegle.com/  You: YO  You: Did you get the shit?  Stranger: yeah  You: goddam  You: its about time  Stranger: so were is she  You: dump the body and get that shit over here a fucking sap  Stranger: I DONT HAVE THE FUCKING BODY  You: WHAT THE FUCK  You: I TOLD YOU TO HOLD ON TO THE FUCKING BODY  Stranger: CHRIS WAS SUPPOSED TO DRIVE IT UP AT MY FUCKING PLACE  You: I WAS GONNA FUCK THAT DEAD BITCH IN THE ASS  Stranger: WHAT THE FUCK  You: WHAT THE FUCK  You: WHAT THE FUCK  You: WHAT THE FUCK  Stranger: BOSS IS NOT GOING TO BE HAPPY ABOUT THIS,  You: GODDAM  You: i killed the boss you stupid piece of shit  Stranger: ....  You: damn right  You: i'm in charge of this shit now  You: you want a hamburger?
you really think the crazy christians will let you game their already gamed poll? pfft you're so naive.  EDIT: click refresh like every 5 seconds and see that the poll is going nuts.
You too?
School buses are fucking invincible. A bronco T-boned the bus I was riding one morning to school. Bronco totaled (engine in between the seats). Schoolbus wasn't even dented.
&gt; "woman"  There's no need to imply that someone is not a "real" woman just because their genitalia doesn't conform to what is usual. It's actually quite rude.
I will as soon as you show me where mulatto is an acceptable biological descriptor.
but the author of this article did include the supplementals.
Imagine the cost savings if the government starting using exclusively open source, stable  software like Linux... if even just for operating systems...  I really like this idea.  I've been pushing to make the switch at work for well over a year.
I aspire to be like this one day...but a little more well informed than this guy.
Arjen Lucassen is a fucking genius. Plus, he's got one of the best guitar tones out there... such a raw sound.. I love it.
I know, I know.  I was joking around about the "perhaps paving the way toward" bit.  It never crossed my mind that anyone would take me seriously.
And it really pisses off the tellers.. lol
Given that it's in Baltimore, it'd be worth more as a garage.
`man -k "keyword"`  If you get an error, issue `makewhatis`. `man makewhatis` to get full details.
Social security, public roads, fire department, free public education, etc.  Most Americans like the taste of socialism. 
Really, all of them together?
Ummm, the comment where you said that was a reply to his comment about reddit atheists... He brought it up first and then you made a statement about atheists in general.
No, I missed them!  That sounds really cool. You're right about the awesome history in that museum.  I love looking at the animals - many of them have been there since Agassiz, and you can see where they're literally coming apart at the seams. My office is actually upstairs, so it's free for me every day!  I don't go as much as I should though.  They're putting in a new exhibit that's supposed to be opening in April, but I don't know what it'll be of.  Something about Darwin and evolution it seems from the signs.
The money comes primarily from the federal reserve.
Thats why they carry backup tasers. Then they can change the batteries on the other taser, while tasering until their shift is over. It's all in the police manual
when dicktwist can't take something anymore, it has to change
I'll just leave this here.  http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20070825022522AAzp8Id
Nice mirror you got there. 
well, those tests are into a solid non moving wall, thus the ford f150 has much more momentum given the same speed.  If these 2 were to hit eachother head on, all cooper would do is reduce the f150's impulse time heh.
&gt;Only under the GPL, which makes it off-limits to a lot of companies.  Only if they want to modify the source code AND distribute their own version of the JVM.  Simply using it puts no burden on the company at all.  Neither does merely creating their own version of the JVM and using it internally.  &gt;There is Apache Harmony, but Sun is refusing to give them the test harness needed. And without passing the tests, they cannot claim to be Java compatible and have to deal with IP issues.  That's a trademark issue. Don't get your intellectual property concepts mixed up.
my mom use to tell me that every night before I went to bed. 
I think it's also important to state the "I know I'll get downmodded" part right at the get-go. That let's people know right up front that you are wise to the downmodding monkey business they were about to perpetrate.
Thanks! I badly miss it! I think ClarisWorks 4 was the one I liked best. Back a couple years ago I took possession of an old Performa 6400 I could run Claris on again, and did some work revamping it for that and other wonderful old software. But then my eyes started to go out on me, and I couldn't use the old 17 inch CRT with it, and had to abandon all that. Eventually I had to have cataract surgery on both eyes. I'm still hoping to do something to regain the use of that old software again, but financial pressures have left me with no free time to pursue the 6400 revamp etc. so far. Plus, there's the problem of getting stuff OUT of the 6400, since those older Macs and OS versions have serious compatibility problems with the modern internet...
Nintendo and Sony's marketing team had a particularly freaky Friday sometime 3 years ago. Sony is still trying to resolve the issue. Nintendo does not give a shit.
heh...better than the owl being her *mom*. Ouch.
Maybe in a few more years you'll learn to get your edge back old man. I seriously don't get people like you. It's 2009.  The whole web design community is patiently waiting for all the old guys to die off so we can actually do interesting design/dev work. People like you still wanting websites accessible to text-only browsing that nobody gives a fuck about. People want flash. People want social networking. People want streaming HD video.  The internet is a resource for information and entertainment. You don't need to completely nerd out the fun. Yes, we do need standards and that is very important, but come on? The highest visited sites on the internet all have flash running.
I've had that, dream about getting a bj, I could feel the sucking, wake up and see it was my wife...
More specifically, the change in momentum kills.
I agree. While we are at it lets add one for how great Obama is.
but the author of this article did.
You're being downmodded, but you are absolutely correct.  If you don't like the job, leave. This applies to being a cop, a waiter, a register jockey, a programmer, whatever.
definitely. 2x everything for every extra 4 survivors.  2 tanks at 8 and so on and so forth. What about huge games of VS w/8 on 8 haha
yeah that's hilarious. /sarcasm
What she does after work is her business.  
Not sure why you got downvoted for a fairly neutral comment. Gave you an upvote.
Well, in the US, I believe it is illegal to boycott Israel, but in the Canada, I am trying to do it as much as possible.
How many cuils is that?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6csp2fZt2E
maybe Zuckerburg will sell the company
I love how proggit downmods a simple factually verifiable true statement.  Stay classy proggit.
They weren't fooled. It was written *By Staff Writers*.
Judging by my experience, because children will choose to beat each other with the metal buckles before putting on the seat belt.
And a Chirstmas Special.   God that was awful. 
lol right a post on a message board.   That's knowledgable journalism. 
It's because economic models don't seriously take psychology into account. Boom and burst is not just a cycle it's the human mindset of lack of self control represented in blind gains and regretful losses.   It's like eating too much and getting fat and then realizing your fat rather than apply some common sense and stop eating before you reach obese status. Why do humans do that to themselves? We don't naturally show too much inhibition especially as a herd. When times are good people live high and when times are bad they cut back. I suppose we mimic our environment like that. When your tribe finds ripe hunting areas, they camp until it's gone. You don't just take what you need and keep moving, you opportunistically horde and engorge. So.. mans natural state given surplus product is to burn through it as fast as possible. Money, food, woman, drugs, tv whatever you got in a 24/7 cycle until lack of sustainability catches up. Given a surplus supply we waste until our partying catches up to us. All in all we were taught this behavior by things like seasonal changes which forced us to horde during the good seasons, get fat, store food and wait out the deadly winter. Boom and burst is very deeply rooted. 
I wouldn't say it blows, just that its needs more bandwidth.  Imgur has become extremely popular in a very short amount of time which has prevented gradual scaling up of its server power and bandwidth as most image hosting sites are accustomed to.
...more new credit and even more debt too! :D  Oh wait, they actually seem to be following The Onion.
i actually downvoted this until i saw the submitter's name
I wasn't just bullshitting, moot really does live with his parents (although I'm not sure if his house has a basement)... And 4chan almost went down recently because it is so unprofitable due to nobody wanting to advertise on a site filled with broke ass pedophile anime nerds.
I hope this isn't real :(
I remember the metal slammers. They fucked up my pogs.
i still use tiny pic
why does this matter if priests are supposed to be abstinent?
Great story. You are a true veteran on the reddit.   p.s. which admin?
This is perfect.  The only logical argument to it (that I can think of) is that cable doesn't have a "cap".  That is, you buy one subscription to cable, and an infinite (well...a lot) number of people can use it.  Cable is different because there is a cap... Except, reddit (and most geeks) argue AGAINST caps.  You win.
Bridge to Bloatware?
I see you were caught up in this post's delicious title.
&gt; Caveats aside, the survey offers an interesting look at **self-reported** environmental behavior. [emphasis added]  Now *that's* a fool-proof way to gather data on socially-beneficial behavior!
I just can't help but thinking this show would  have been better if they never relied on the mystical, magical, "God did it," device. It's best moments were always the realistic, gritty ones. They got a bit too much fantasy in my scifi.
He must need some walkin' around money...
Holy shit your post sucks.  &gt;wii does not count - it isn't directly competing with MS or Sony  Oh, you're retarded... 
&gt; I liked them a lot more in the 90s when they were known for a quality products...  They made terrible products in the 90s. They were trying to get money for old rope for the longest time, with hardly any innovation.  &gt; Trying to lock consumers into DRM laden software and hardware...  DRM'd music was the record labels, not Apple. I don't know what you mean by DRM'd hardware, though.  &gt; The better Apple does, the more they turn into Microsoft.  Not really. One example: Microsoft code gets slower over time because they assume customers will make up for it with new hardware. Apple refuses to release software that runs slower than the old software. If an update or new version of software runs slower, they don't release it until it's fixed and runs faster.
The Weathermen were right. Not enough of us joined them in trying to take down the corrupt machine we call the US government.
Groklaw is worse than useless for finding out the truth on this kind of stuff. These days it is nothing more than a bunch of ranting morons quoting each other. It's sad too, I used to love reading their legal analysis back in the early SCO days. That said, I do think MS and Novel need to get off their ass and make it clear whether or not Mono is legit.
I also think he is right to be dismissive about in general just from a PR standpoint.  Trying to convince people of something as self serving as we are atheist in part because we have higher natural IQ's (natural being the key word, everyone can learn things but some people are just naturally smarter than others, and things like that are always sensitive subjects.) It may very well be true but we shouldn't go spreading that around.  People can't help their IQs. dramatically at least.
I'm sure it's quite a tail
I'm not entirely sure, but I think the Pangolin is based on the Clevo M760SU. Searching for information on the Clevo may yield interesting reviews. Unless you're more curious about System76's support.
You've basically hit the nail on the head.  Petro-currencies are a fad in thinking for the intelligentsia set that doesn't really think too deeply about practical issues - it just sounds somehow advanced and profound.  Chavez no doubt is just cashing in on that, knowing that it sounds good as the 5 second sound bite.
I wonder what they were squabbling about.
This is cool, but a time-lapse would be cooler.
So what you're telling me here is that I should buy a school bus instead of a hummer.
&gt;If you look at drugs from a business perspective you will see that drugs are a commodity and no matter what the legal status is they are going to continue to be produced by violent cartels since these are the people who are already set up to produce said drugs. They would just go legitimate in there production of drugs while the rest of there interprise would stay illegal.  Much like how Alcohol production is still controlled by the Mafia?
fuck israel.
Haunted websites?
Halo was in development for the Mac until Microsoft bought them.
Tropical plants such as?  I am considering growing herbs and veggies this year, I'm in a totally different climate but still curious as I am also considering a small greenhouse to simulate a tropical environment.  I am also looking into indoor growing and using solar power to save on the electric bill.
Just like i'm sure there are real genius Christians somewhere. You just dont come across them very often. 
No, that's soccer spectating.
interesting in the article he mentions how he was in two accidents. Both times the other car was totaled and he drove away with little or no damage. I suppose it's just coincidence that a hummer driver was involved in 2 accidents in 10 years.
Oh my goodness.. They'll just move on to something else. Do you think the italian mafia is only committed to one facet of illegal trading ?.  Do you know the difference between decriminalization and legalization that I pointed out in my last sentence ?
It isn't just in Texas. For example, I'm thinking the last thing Frank "Worst Mayor in America" Melton of Jackson, Mississippi needs is a Bearcat armored tactical vehicle 
awwwwww
A balance of -$2 IS an "overdraft" and incurs in the fee itself. If the bank lets you withdraw another $100, that is a credit that the bank is giving you and not warning you that you are now signing a contract with them for a line of credit IS already illegal.
Why?  No, really, I don't understand the issue.
that does not equate at all.   Firstly I would like to point out that   a) communism is the redistribution of all wealth to all people equally.   b) capitalism is wealth concentrated in the hands of those who produce it or can otherwise obtain it.  c) socialism is a mixture of the two.   As such, there has never been a true communist state and there has never been a true capitalist state. If you pay any tax whatsoever, then you are not in a true capitalist society.   It should also be pointed out that while communism results in a loss of potential reward for those who would benefit in capitalism, conversely capitalism results in a loss of potential reward for those who would benefit from communism. If you wish to discuss the relative loss of liberty in both cases then we would need to examine the quantity of people benefiting and losing in each case. Given that the majority of people earn less than the average, in communism less people stand to lose potential reward or "Liberty" as you put it, all though those few that do lose out will lose out by a massive degree.  Furthermore, as you currently exist in a capitalistic socialist society, do you see the ridiculousness of claiming to have "defeated socialism"?
Good Movie. EDIT actually, no it wasn't.
I want more life, fucker.
Hi Reddit,  I manage a small team in a fast-paced environment. One of my guys has General Anxiety Disorder which has been well under control by medication until recently. I'm not sure what the trigger was (I don't think work related), but recently he's been having a lot of trouble. His work quality has gone way down, he often says things he shouldn't (e.g. a joke that goes too far), he's constantly shaking his leg, and his voice often quivers.  I was wondering: as this person's boss, what can I do to help him get through this? I'd like him to stay working and productive, obviously, but first I want to be sure he does what he needs to do for himself. Is there anything I can say, any technique I can use, to help him out?  Thanks!
My teacher read "Where the Red Fern Grows" to us in 6th grade. I never really got the whole book and was usually daydreaming the whole time while she read it, so I was terribly confused on why all of a sudden she started apologizing to us for bawling her eyes out. Turns out the dogs got killed by a raccoon (?) while I was daydreaming about going home to watch Arthur.
I believe Greenspan *still* admires Rand, though maybe since last year, he's rethinking. Private Freedom, reporting for duty! What I hate about Rand and her ilk are the simplistic rationales for "success", or as Limbaugh puts it, "the achievers". There are many ways for people to become "succesful" according to Objectivists (nearly always equated with social and monetary hierarchies), but ultimately most are predicated on selfishness and/or greed. Because you know how to beat other people into making you money or otherwise being subservient, it doesn't actually mean that you're doing well. For all of someone like Limbaugh's talk of "achievers", "freedom", and "true Americans", what they ultimately laud is the what they feel is the righful place of some in dominion over others. This is very different from simple recognition or reward of abilities. Well, it is the reward of certain abilities, mostly the ability to step on the backs of other people without conscience.
Reason being? Solution? Not trolling here, seriously wondering these things, this is your thread, fill us in.
this (among other reasons) is why Best Buy will be following Circuit City very shortly.
Everything in Best Buy is overpriced.  You're better off finding what you want in Best Buy, and then going over to Walmart and buying it.  Not to mention those annoying, pushy salespeople who work on commission.  I'm amazed that they stayed in business and Circuit City went under.
No, the website is ridiculous. http://www.oceannet.us  I'm using Firefox and there's no way to make it look OK or even legible for the most part. The writing might be passable, but the markup is a joke (the entire website is absolutely positioned tables). The page title is wrong ("wifi Hotspot"). There are links that don't work and return a default 404 error page that redirects to a spam portal full of ads for real estate.   You may approve of the marketing copy, so it may be a "near perfect" brochure, but there's nothing "near perfect" about this website.
contrib.gis has some code for working with google maps.
Would you ever say "man president"?
Looks Yummy
I'm not mad, I don't care.  Please read the abovementioned Wikipedia page. The **AUTHOR of software** that does calculations ADMITS himself it's **not a scientific theory**, it's **a parody**.   "..it is **obviously absurd**, at least to a more than superficial examination."" It's not my words, but of **THE AUTHOR** on **Wikipedia**.
WAY too nice. I know I wouldn't have been when I was an undergrad, but being in front of the class tends to change ones standards on those things.
For bonus points: Make it trivial for you (i.e. the sysadmin) to turn everything off - so that when people call you and want to show you the weirdness, everything is fine and dandy. Then turn it back one when you are back in your seat :D
hot start up
Maybe it will just make a GUI in Visual Basic.
You know what I would do? I wouldn't shop there.
Yet more than those 10% know the correct spelling of *atheist*.
&gt;This just isn't how science works. It would be more like:  That is *exactly* how science works. A bit simplified, sure, but that is the logic behind the scientific method.   &gt;In your example, you put the hypothesis LAST, not FIRST, so of course you ended up with a logical fallacy. So I am willing to admit that your ignorant misunderstanding of the scientific method is a logical fallacy.  What the fuck are you babbling about. That makes no sense whatever. Is English not your first language?  &gt;Therefore it MAY HAVE rained a lot. Seek more evidence. (Oh, the trees are dripping water and all the roofs are wet too? Or, the trees and roof are both dry...maybe someones sprinkler head broke?)  It doesn't matter. Each time you try to incorporate more evidence you are committing the same fallacy over and over you bloody bonehead. Fuck, just how stupid are you. Is your IQ above 80 by any chance?  &gt;ace it retard. You are exactly the idiot I was talking about: the creationist dumbfuck who regurgitates the same claims despite being repeatedly debunked. GO LEARN SOMETHING IDIOT!  You have been humilated and debunked. Go back to school you asstard. 
The Wii is like playing with Duplos before discovering Legos.
Yeah, his new stuff is mediocre.
It was thoroughly destroyed
You can't add "edit:&lt;/sarcasm&gt;" after you make a serious comment, people downvote you, and then you want to try and save face and pretend you were being sarcastic all along.  You made your bed, now sleep in it!  edit: &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
There doesn't seem to be anything here.
Thats whats so weird about the whole situation !
That crazy dude on the unicycle.........
That's illegal unless you have permission from the video game publisher. It would be different if you charged them to go inside and you let them play for "free" or there were "demos" and they could buy them if they wanted to.
I used to use DynDns and a local updating program that would update my ip whenever it changed.  It was free when I used to do it, not positive it is now.  It's not difficult to set up.  I don't really have a need to do the whole ssh tunnel with putty anymore. 
&gt;Perhaps I have a neurological disorder due to prolonged exposure and barney and the teletubbbies have become addition personalities within a multiple personality disorder. I believe them to be real, and they tlk to me. Are you still going to make fun of my view of reality?  definitely
Is that the Chinua Achebe book?
People bought the PS2 because it looked cool and played DVDs. 
You can rule out Microsoft as an exit strategy there...
Like a monkey?  [I think Mr. Chappelle has the answer](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vkC58brggk)
"Obama will reportedly hold the defense budget flat at FY2010 levels over the next 10 years, adjusting only for inflation."  -[source](http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2009/02/defense_budget.html)
wow dr amy is full of shit
wow, would not look twice at her on the street. She looks antiquated like bad china way past it's use by date.
For teh lulz.
...And Newegg has it dropped off at your doorstep.
I wouldn't be so surprised about this, since the way the guy graphically organizes his "theory", his obsession with numerical relationships, and his way of speaking make him look schizophrenic.  But everyone else on that board praises his logical theory and theorize on what will happen when it comes true, in normal, non-schizo talk.  Holy wow.
Why is this in world news?  I get that it happened in UK, but outside that?  Seems like local UK news.
I, too, feel like a Cylon without a Resurrection Ship.
&gt;not to mention that almost everything is starting to be built for the intel mac anyway.  Not really.
This was a triumph.
I envy you that. Be sure to devour all you can before you get old and your eyes give out on you, like happened to me. But I CAN say I wasted little time, reading-wise, having read literally thousands of books while I still could. I don't see how those many folks who maybe read only a handful of books their entire lives endure existence...for it's extremely rare for any movie to match a decent novel for entertainment value...
Sue the school into oblivion.  It's the only way they'll learn. Y'know what I'd do if my boss told me what I could and could not do on my free time?  I'd tell him to go to hell.  I might even give him directions. Her time, her choice. Plus she is wearing swimwear.  Swimwear is inappropriate now?  So does that mean she can't go to the beach either? Nice to see the education system is so full of enlightenment.  

Yes, bet a certain group of faithful were at peace as they flew their planes into the world trade center.
&gt;The fact stands that the scientific method is not logically tenable.   Only if you assume you are actually *proving* something.  If you are after that kind of truth no power on earth will help you get it.
I do love them, as a matter of fact. You son of a bitch.
plaid
That's covered in a course called Software Development...
Nah, I'd say Linden is pretty "typical". About 20 miles away from a "real" city, [with a population of 39,372](http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/SAFFPopulation?_event=Search&amp;geo_id=16000US3413690&amp;_geoContext=01000US|04000US34|16000US3413690&amp;_street=&amp;_county=linden&amp;_cityTown=linden&amp;_state=04000US34&amp;_zip=&amp;_lang=en&amp;_sse=on&amp;ActiveGeoDiv=geoSelect&amp;_useEV=&amp;pctxt=fph&amp;pgsl=160&amp;_submenuId=population_0&amp;ds_name=null&amp;_ci_nbr=null&amp;qr_name=null&amp;reg=null%3Anull&amp;_keyword=&amp;_industry=)
&gt;***same***old ass picture of a capitalist pyramid posted on reddit 50 thousand times  FTFY
Hmmm. There seems to be some other sort of invention very similar to this. It might have been a board and involved some sort of posting. As I continue to think about it, they might have been bulletins or something very similar. 
&gt; Q : Why is the TCK useful?  &gt; A : It allows independent implementations to demonstrate that they  &gt;  are compatible with the specification, and as a result,  &gt;  receive all the "necessary IP" from expert group members.  &gt;  &gt; Q : What is "necessary IP" and why is this important that  &gt;  compatible implementations receive it?  &gt; A : "Necessary IP" is the IP - usually patents - that cannot be  &gt;  technically avoided when implementing the specification.  This  &gt;  is important because it prevents anyone from joining an expert  &gt;  group and gaining the ability to demand royalties from  &gt;  implementors or users of the specification.  This is one of  &gt;  the main features of the JCP that makes the specs the JCP  &gt;  produces "open specifications". http://www.apache.org/jcp/sunopenletterfaq.html
ehhhh, a lot of folks from /r/atheism go over to /r/christianity and /r/religion...  myself included...
It first checks the current *local* system time (GetSystemTime() API). Then it uses the Date: HTTP header from several popular web sites to verify the time, presumably so it can't be faked out by people setting the clock on their computer forward. This time is in UTC, and is what actually triggers the new domain lookup code.  Of course, it's now 12:17 AM GMT, and not much is happening...  Sources:  http://www.f-secure.com/weblog/archives/00001641.html  http://www.f-secure.com/weblog/archives/00001643.html
No, I'm jealous of Ferrari drivers.  
OMG MAJESTY 2! YAAAAY!
Until they grow up and become concerned about real issues. 
I completely agree, but I am pretty sure that is not a trailer. The title says "nazi zombie fight scene." I think [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG82pMHMJ5g&amp;feature=related) is one of the actual trailers.
the man?
I am reminded of the classic line from the pinnacle of American film, "Kindergarten Cop"...  "Boys have penis, girls have vagina"  It is that simple my friends.
even though the hummer might not get that much damage its basically a won lawsuit by the suzuki driver. the humemr would damage the smaller cars by rear ending them so badly there will be no doubt as to who caused the accident.  So yes hitting a smaller car with a hummer would destroy the car the driver of the smaller car has a much better chance winning the lawsuit.
CS U211. I can has cookie?
The accompanying music was rather disturbing ...
I know how to keep potheads off the road!  After legalization, pot dealers could be required to sell their product prepackaged in a set with Cheetos, peanut butter, and cookie dough ice cream. Then they'd be set for the night.
Bush hid the totals. The Author of the article I submitted did not.
&gt; **Boom and burst is not just a cycle it's the human mindset of lack of self control represented in blind gains and regretful losses.**  *Exactly*.
excavating it would be hard because you might not be able to use machinery for all of it. Otherwise putting it underground would be way better. And fillin it in if u moved would be no biggie. 
Huckleberry Finn. Ugh. My teacher made me read it twice to see if I'll like it the 2nd time around... too bad I just hated it more.
1. [05, 06, 07, 08, 09](http://www.google.com/trends?q=05%2C+06%2C+07%2C+08%2C+09&amp;ctab=0&amp;geo=all&amp;date=all&amp;sort=0)  2. [reddit, digg, fark, slashdot](http://www.google.com/trends?q=reddit%2C+digg%2C+fark%2C+slashdot&amp;ctab=0&amp;geo=all&amp;date=all&amp;sort=0)
Teehee.  No.  The RP people are the shotgun, bush beer pickup people. The potsmokers are the University Students.
Damn straight!
yeah, I figured if I was going to ask for the statistics, I might as well just find them myself and reply to my own post.
Say what again. Say what again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say what one more Goddamn time! 
If I could afford it, I'd like to get a dozen roombas, and give half of them pirate costumes, and the other half ninja costumes.  Set them loose in corporate hallways.
will /r/atheism be better without all the people like this?  or less fun?
&gt;a tiny gold capsule the size of an extra-strength Advil  What is the conversion rate of Advil to [Fridges?](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/87g3l/what_the_fuck_kind_of_measurement_is_cnn_using/)
I liked the part where the girl was hot.
Yeah, I know, stupid reddit.  Can't find the full thread, and I can't seem to be able to view it in full. (Clicking on 'parent' takes me nowhere, slowly.) So, basically, going by your logic.  I could say: 'Who said anything about reddit atheists?' Fuck, I really wish I wasn't in a hurry,. Wow, 3 times?  Really!?  Damn, I wish I had the time that you do. Takes me months to progress just a chapter or two.
I thought it was rather awesome, actually...next step, RoboCop!
It will cease to blow when it gets more bandwidth. Plenty of other imagehosting services to use out there that wont buckle so easily. 
Well, duh. Mozart was an idiot _and_ wrote the most sublime music. Welcome to the real world.
We'll I also though it was kinda funny, the way he said "I'd like to yield the floor to my colleague from ---" and then you look around and he's the only other person in the room. It made me chuckle. 
Wrong in that devaluing the dollar will not weaken China's position. Their reserves are backed by dollars or dollar-denominated securities. It stands to reason that devaluating the dollar also devalues their purchasing power.  In order for the Argentineans (or other countries) took RMB without dollar conversion as payment, these countries would need to be convinced that the currency is stable enough. For 15 years, the currency policy of China has made it very unstable. It stands to reason that no country in its right mind would accept RMB as backing of their foreign reserves. Gold, maybe even Euros, perhaps... but not RMB.
Is there a Mac version?
Why can't we use tinypic?
I want this technology to replace the keyboard/mouse so I can command my computer with my thoughts.
A simple 'C-C-C-COMBOBREAKER' would have done the job!
I wouldn't trust it. As soon as you start mixing native and managed code you lost your ability to be cross-platform. And really, why would you use C++ if you didn't need native code?
Dropshipping is really that simple
HEY GUYS EVERYONE LIVES IN AMERICA RIGHT?
stop being such a boob, and go do something productive instead of making puns   (sorry, haven't got my pun quota in yet)
you're welcome
&gt;What's with reddit and being an anarchist?  Comment karma.
buddha buddha buddha, rockin' everywhere
Very well then, but I wonder what benefit can be found in mocking the sick. 
this was on the front page a few days ago with the same title...?
I hope that joke didn't go over anyones head.
Coming right up: one internets for you, sir!
Who was that random guy standing there?
Someone obviously needs to make a Starcraft-themed "introduction to Pylons" document, if one doesn't already exist.
I'm actually ok with this. Fuck, they could charge me an extra $30/month. Just let me get my movies, games, and music any way I want without complaining.
No hay nada imposible, porque los sueos de ayer son las esperanzas de hoy y pueden convertirse en realidad maana. 
The actual access control that enables the modem to connect would be based on a listing of MAC addresses for that node, which would allow a modem to move around as long as it was still attached to that node.  Most likely, the DHCP server doles out addresses however the hell it feels like. Normally such servers remember which IP it gave you as long as you don't disappear for a few weeks, and as long as the server itself doesn't get swapped out (e.g. hardware upgrade) without copying the lease file over. But I doubt it's connected to the access control unless you explicitly paid for a static IP.
The first thing that I would say is that MOST of the horrible things in the world are the result of man being inhumane to man.  It's not something you can lay at the feet of God.  Even the horrible things that we do "in the name of God" cannot be blamed on him, but only on the infallible humans who perpetrate the acts.  We are moral agents, created with free will - as where there is no free will, where there is no choice to obey or disobey, there is no true option to love - and therefore we are responsible for the evil that we do.  Insofar as God allows evil to occur, I'd say that we do look at it through a necessarily limited point of view.  We do not see the end, we do not see outside of the situation.  There are several theological ideas that flow out of the recognition of this fact.  The first is that as we cannot see outside of our situation, we don't always see the redemptive aspect of suffering - being diagnosed with an illness is a chance for us to suffer well - to show others the sustenance that we receive from God.  There is gain to be found in seeing someone suffer through an illness well.  The second thing to be found in this fact is that as we do not see the end, we necessarily do not see the end.  Many ask, why is there evil?  Why doesn't God put a boot on the head of Satan (or destroy evil, or however you want to put it)?  My response, and the response that I think many pastors and theologians would give is that "God will."  There is a promise, found all throughout the Bible, that at some point in the future, God will return to put an end to evil, to put an end to sickness, and shame, and death, and war, and all the evil of this world.  The thing about this though, is that if God came to destroy evil tonight, none of us would live to see the dawn.  If God destroyed evil right now, you and I and everyone we know would also be destroyed, because at our root, we are evil.  The line between good and evil does not run between states, and nations and individuals, but rather through the middle of every man's heart.  So, by God not destroying evil now, he allows more and more people to come to repentance.  Look at the narrative of Noah.  God told Noah to build an ark so that those who had been redeemed, those who had repented of their evil, could be saved.  How long did it take between God's command to build the ark and the flood actually occurring?  Hundreds of years.  God allowed that time to pass so that men could repent of their evil and also be saved.  I hope this at least gives you a starting point to see the response - I've obviously not been exhaustive in describing the Christian view of evil and suffering, but I assure you, if you read and listen to the better thinkers - authors like Lewis, Packer, Grudam, Kline, and Stott, and preachers and teachers like Piper, Driscoll, Chandler, Keller, and countless others, you'll hear very compelling reasons to see that a just God can still allow suffering, FOR A TIME.
And between then hours of 8 and 5.  Meaning you have to take the day off.  For a 10 second "install" that requires the removal of a filter.
Honestly? We have one machine at work that has been running for 5 years on server 2003, getting updates on the release schedule, and besides the nuisance of having to reboot the machine (which is why Windows Server is terrible for 24/7 uptime requirements) it has never had a problem.  I used to think Microsoft sucked hard, and for a while they did, but they've gotten *much* much better. Hell, they've got ASLR and stack cookies now!
no. If that was illegal the title would have been "not just criminal... gitmo criminal."  The title was "stupid" becuase even though not illegal .. it is just plain stupid to carry around something that looks like this.  How long do you think it would take for a cop in a helicopter to misidentify these guys and shoot them?
Oh come on! It's all your own damn faults for reading them! We all knew about spark notes back then, why didn't you use it? It got As for me for 8 years.
ctrl turns the pieces right? How come I can't turn the pieces? This would be easy if I could turn the goddamn pieces.
Oh, well. I laughed at the dinosaur remark.
I first read the title as "Reese's Enema..."
the founding fathers had great insight when they designed our current government and we really should consider many of the other things they said.
It does seem kind of strange. Bunches of people have Macs (especially young people, prime video game real estate), although many of them don't have good video cards in them. Still, side-scrollers and the like ought to work fine.
While part of this argument is true, part of it is not. The cartels would just become legit business. They control the production and if you legalize it the product has to come from somewhere. Buying coca direct from the campesinos would be tough to pull off, weed would be another question of course, plenty of US farmers could turn that crop on with a quickness and heroin comes from poppies that are abundant in Afghanistan so maybe it could work but the fact is there are too many organizations and interests within the US and abroad that would not want this to happen because it would deny them their revenue, the Turkish generals who control a lot of the heroin trade and the lobbyists and politicos who work for them for one.
Try torrenting the FLAC.  Then convert to wav.  I used the wav files when I did it, because they were easy to convert from the FLAC that I already had on my computer.
Shopped.
'Trolling the poll' is a wonderful phrase.
It's definitely a gray area.  Ask for a raise if you feel like you deserve it.
I LOVE CAPSLOCK ANDPROPERSPACING!!!  and exclamation points...
Reason being is because every time i click on a link to an imgur hosted image its busted.   Solution is to use other hosting services until they can handle the load. 
Yes, you are probably right, I don't know why I said that. The larger truth still remains.
But isn't that what Linux needs? It's own version of Visual Basic to make GUI development easy.
THIS is your personal army: http://i39.tinypic.com/12634na.jpg
what the?
No. It generally means you are awaiting trial, in prison, in jail (temporary lockup until trial) you are on parole or you are on court ordered supervision.
Some say I love my dog too much. Certainly too often. 
You are wonderful, organic, and full of a joie de vigre these uncultured philistines will never understand. Marry me.
Ok lemme give it a try and see if we cant get my count up.
who's the woman who looks like a lion?
I doubt any kid could grow up to remember, 36 years later, that much of an eavesdropped conversation.
Shiva, Nova, NIF... One wonders what this is all really for.
I went straight at college. Too bad I didn't know what the hell I was doing, so I ended up failing a few classes and taking a whole bunch of classes that I didn't need. I'm on track now, but for me, I think I would have been screwed either way. I say this because if I would have taken a year off or whatever, I probably would have never went back to school. 
that may be a bit of a capitulation, but seriously...  i'd imagine one of the things that keeps Hersh safe are his wide variety of contacts... but it's sort of crazy we're even talking about all of this.  cheney is a clever man, but i have to believe his presidency will be unravelled and his legacy destroyed almost immediately after his death.
I didn't read AS, and I'm glad I didn't. I had a two friends who read it and became dicks. One of them got over it, the other one i don't know.  It's a successful book at making assholes. If that's your cup of tea, then drink it, asshole.
Personally, I think you got that backwards.  Let's keep "cult", and drop "religion".  Achieves the same result... "call them all by the same name".
"The TomTom Saga" now? So, MS is supposed to abandon its patents while it pays license fees to IBM, Sun, Cisco et al and the very same parties release MS IP into Linux gratis and "libre"? Huh?
Who cares, it's good entertainment.
Still banging on about the candles when I told you repeatedly that Earth Hour was nothing to do with a) lighting candles and b) saving carbon for that one hour.  The fact that you keep going on about the same issue when you know it's erroneous and irrelevant makes you seem some combination of dishonest and dumb.
I don't think he ever said he believed that. He may just have been pointing out that this particular argument is a weak one to use against her, and I agree.  It's a huge stretch to claim that *anyone* who falsifies records would falsify a reason to fire her. Aside from the alternative barc gave, maybe the offending party was himself fired over this incident. Maybe he personally likes the doctor, or doesn't hold a grudge. Maybe she left the hospital shortly after for her own reasons. Maybe it was just a mistake made in desperation, and the hospital administrators aren't evil after all.   I'd say there are a lot more scenarios where she doesn't get fired than ones where she does.
There's no way 99% of euthanized animals are like that.
Bavaria is one of the most strongly Christian areas in Europe. His grassroots support certainly wasn't atheist.
I'd pet his pussy. What? I stand by my statement.  
Why not just preserve real plants in cubes of clear resin. They will still be 3d.
down-voted for being old
You would prefer that religious, spiritual and even agnostic people left reddit? Don't you think that encouraging dialogue and understanding is the best way to see atheist concepts more widely adopted?   Instead you all seem to be actively trying to run us out of town. 
You also have to write the network calls on the client side to retrieve the data and populate the UI elements. AFAIK, Cappuccino doesn't even having binding.   It isn't "hard" to do. It is just damn annoying. Remember, you also need to (or should) provide security and validation on the server side. So that gets duplicated as well.   Also, there are many cases when the server *is* the right place to do work. To think that you can offload it all to the client is just stupid. Unless your only goal is to reinvent the desktop applications... poorly.
Indeed. Would [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/7cocl/it_seems_orson_scott_card_is_a_bit_of_a_douche/c06ay9i) be the post to which you are referring? 
Alternately you can "bond" two channels to act as one virtual connection with a single IP, but this requires configuration on the ISP's end and thus their cooperation. For cable modems though it'd be cheaper to just pay for a higher tier.
"Looks like someone," Removes sunglasses, "Got burned."
Can I come?
what a dumb comparison tbh, they compared a $2.8 grand macbook/dell/lenovo/hp, then put in a 1.6g Sony? Seriously spend 2.8grand on a sony and you get alot. especially in the 13 inch range. sony TZ&gt;everything
You are comparing a US built vehicle to a non-US built vehicle?  That is so unfair, the US company has to put all its crash test money into unions.  Damn Obama.
Thanks for the link.  Foxit always crashes on me.  Helpful people are the number one reason I stay at reddit.
Yep, teeth probably ripped out of his mouth, claws ripped away, beaten for the slightest wrong move.  Humans.  When will we stop being barbarians, blonde and beautiful as we may be.
Besides various WWII and newer aircraft-carrying subs, there's also been R&amp;D done into actual submerging aircraft carriers...but you still end up with a hugely expensive, cumbersome, and complex vessel (read: high value target for the enemy). So the Navy I think is going more with robot submarines which can carry and launch lots of robot planes and missiles instead.
To be frank, if there is a surface for the tire to dig into, you're wrong. Also, snow and dirt/gravel tend to have the same characteristics, though at different levels of grip.  Granted, locking them up doesn't help much on ice. But then, ice acts very differently than snow (even moderately packed snow). It actually tends to act very much like tarmac, but with a lot less friction. :)  Either way, engine braking won't stop you faster on any surface. May be a little easier to control the car, but that's primarily the fault of the driver, not the car. It's also not very effective with a gasoline engine, and more so if it's of relatively low displacement.   Also, as a side note: engine braking in an AWD car (especially in a panic situation) is a great way to induce lift-oversteer, which is something 99.9% of drivers are incapable of properly dealing with. 
I guess we should ban buses.
Lunch?
Wow, what an obvious shop. I can tell by the pixels.
Bullshit, I've seen turtles spinning nunchacku so fast they looked blurry. 
Right, so the proper phrase is:  The effect is the result of it affecting you.  But then something can effect something else, too - i.e., gravity effects falling.  wtf? brain hurts.
A cause effects something, in doing so it may also affect something.
&gt; I'm currently writing a book on a specific cult  Can you elaborate on that?  If not, post it when you finish it.
No, when a persons stupidity effects others it needs be regulated. Period.  When you individual rights infringe on my individual rights (such as rear ending me while using a deadly vehicle) you lose.  THAT IS THE AMERICAN WAY.
It's nice when the underdog wins one.
I do not think that either Bush or Obama is irrational. I think that Bush is a well-meaning but not entirely bright puppet manipulated by the neoconservative lobby to their ends, and Obama is too smart to be similarly manipulated. But neither is irrational.  However, even if I thought that one or the other were irrational, I would not attack them with the savage, beastly rage that you exhibited upon me. This is the mark of a fundamentalist and solid proof that religion is the root of all evil.
just dont submit the links here then ;)
Okay, let's settle this.(NSFW)  If liking feminine [shemales](http://www.xvideos.com/video18116/pretty_shemale_alexis) is gay because they have male genitals, then wanting to fuck [Buck Angel](http://www.gaydemon.com/blogs/buck_angel_nominated_for_trans.html) would not be gay.  In fact, we can frame this as a poll: what will it be, redditors, [A or B](http://images.encyclopediadramatica.com/images/8/81/Shemale_and_transman.jpg)?  I'll take B.
Unless your life insurance says something like "we don't pay if you die in the process of committing a crime" but neglects to say "we don't pay in the event of suicide".
You're now chatting with a random stranger. Say hi!  **You**: Hi.   **Stranger**: HAHA YOU LOST THE GAME   :[
 right, because it will mean anything at all even if he does.  He'll still be unemployed living with his mother
Try the Red Mars series by Kim Stanley Robinson.  It follows the lives of the first colonists to Mars and the eventual terraforming of the planet. The best thing about the series, and the aspect in which it is most like BSG, is that there is focus on the scientific, personal and political issues that arise, taking a complex view of the interrelations between the various issues. It's not a lasers and killer robots kind of sci-fi, more like a fairly realistic depiction of how the colonization of Mars would really go...but it doesn't ignore the importance of having compelling characters to forward the story and frame the issues.
I came to add a comment that hopefully wouldn't have been on that page but it looks like they quoted the entire fucking movie. Nice.
Hallucinations? Must be from the fever. She probably overheated and dehydrated.
Doesn't he put the sunglasses on when he does that?
It would be interesting to see how widespread this is, whether atheism is specifically targeted by popular filter software or simply collateral damage.
Contour interval ?
&gt; Scheme fell out of favor in the 1990s because it was considered unwieldyits structure required a computer to perform some commands repeatedly, thus hindering program speed. That one's new to me.
Phil Schneider, one of three people to survive the 1979 fire fight between the large Greys , US intelligence and military at the Dulce underground base.was found dead January 1996, due to what appears to be an execution style murder.
The drawing looks better and more interesting than the render.
[Here is the entire thread starting from your very first comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/88uuv/why_wont_christians_and_jews_admit_the_immorality/c08kv2h)  A hint is to go into your own post history and go to the permalink of the top post you want and it will show all the ones below that.  You can read the entire bible pretty quickly just by reading an hour or so a day.
That raises an interesting point about psychology. If a person encounters something they have no experience with - something they have never seen before - they may not see it at all. This phenomenon was experienced by Native Americans who did not see foreign ships coming towards them - as they had no frame of reference for it.   Sight is all about neural connections to the brain - we only 'see' what we believe to be true, then turn these patterns into imagery based on a common frame of reference. So, even in a physical sense, reality is just perception. One person's experience/reality can be completely different than another's.   Likewise, some people can hear different frequencies than others - those that cannot hear the sounds believe there is nothing. So, yes, reality is subjective based on your experience, frame of reference, culture, and natural abilities. To believe we have measured everything that can be measured is foolish - our reality could be altered yet again based on new discoveries. Physical laws change - even gravity hasn't been entirely proven.
. . . in 2002.  SUVs (and some trucks even) have moved over to unibody design since then.  It's uncommon nowadays to see an SUV that isn't unibody.
&gt;&gt;Community worker Tommy McCourt said such incidents made people fearful of a return to violence.   s/people/rapists   What's the problem?
That's not surprising at all, nor are Ron Paul or Stephen Colbert. The question is: who the fuck are the people spamming votes for Rain for the second year in a row?
screw this shit
the hat looks scared :o
I read Ayn Rand when I was 25 and it changed my life. I wish that I had read it when I was 14. Most of the critics have never read her works and just repeat what they have heard from others. Her fiction novels present a world that could and should exist -- where men are honest and act with integrity, not because god says so or society forces them to but because it is in their own self interest.  That people give up, sell out and compromise their principles when they become "adult" today is no argument against her ideals. Her non-fiction works presents the philosophy behind her fiction. Among other things, she advocates selfishness as a virtue and defends it with logical arguments that anyone can understand. This ethic is so far from the culturally dominant ethic it necessarily gets (intentionally and unintentionally) distorted, denounced and misconstrued.  She once commmented that a book called *The Ayn Rand Lexicon* would be a good thing because then people could look up "babies" and see she does not advocate eating them for breakfast. That was the kind of smear treatment she got when she was alive and it continues to this day. My advice is read her work (fiction and non-fiction) and judge it for yourself. Her opponents on the left *and* the right would prefer you ignore her. 
Megadeth are as far removed from sucking as any band could be. I don't even need to know what shit bands you listen to to know that they are truly pathetic. Dave Mustaine takes dumps that have more thoughtfulness about music than you.
Agreed, doesn't seem like a plausbile risk.  Last time her blog crap got posted someone also pointed out how in her stories she's also always the heroic figure. edit: After taking a quick peek, wikigrrrl is the one posting all of her blog spam.
DO WANT. DO WANT RITE NAO.
Get off my dick, partisan prick.
Yeah, I wonder (only half joking, I'm afraid) if that will become the next trend in cars...
That's a reference to the song "Isn't It Ironic?", known for referring to a great number of things as ironic that actually aren't.
She was promoting the idea that caucasians should feel guilty for oppression and that we should feel bad for past crimes against other races.  This idea tho, should be relegated to the past. I pointed out that differences of color are merely physical adaptations and should not be used as a means of ranking human worth.  I am Irish so I am from a Caucasian race but belong to a cultural group who has typically been stereotyped against. She was using her position as a pulpit to make the white kids feel bad for having the skin color of people who oppressed her grandparents. If I were to teach the class, I would point out that we now know that physical differences do not change the character of a human. That while race was ignorantly used as a social ranking in the past, we are moving past that point and anyone who continues to do so is ignorant of objective truth.    
TAGGING!
thank you reddit...i desperately needed another forum on which i can waste copious amounts of time. but truthfully...i asked about a practical joke. i need one. i'm a teacher. middle school. suggestions? my stranger left me stranded.
Those are still on Reddit, though.
Gives new meaning to the phrase 'dumb ass'
The recession changes everybody's eating standards.
BUT NOT LIKE SLASHDOT.
Is it bad that I *just* got the "Governor of California" reference?
Arrr!
Methinks maybe your screen name had something to do with this discovery. ;)
I disagree, politely, so I'd love to see an explanation.
It's right next to 'sex' in the dropdown list.
upmodded for truth.
FACEBOOK
it would be cool to have a portable tv, though...
i got the same guy twice
**Summary:** Graffiti artists painted 95% of their tour bus in plain white and the 5% that they did paint is shit.  **Conclusion:** don't waste your time.
I dont care if it was Bush, Obama, or his mama. The bailouts are the problem.
&gt; I don't exactly have anything to whine about, do i?  You do complain about the quality of games coming out.  &gt; if these guys fail, it's because they had a bad business model. With the argument of the free market - they deserve to fail. I can't argue with such logic ;-)  That's fair. But you can't really bitch about DRM either. If you're going to take an "all's fair in love and war" attitude to piracy, you can't really bitch when the game companies don't play nice either.
&gt;You should give this a run over in /r/Israel/ where they're always critically analyzing the role of the media in the Israel conflict.  If by "critically analyzing the role of the media in the Israel conflict" you mean "demanding that the media show the Palestinians as correct more often", yes.
I am now convinced you must know my sister.
What do you mean? This movie looks INCREDIBLE.
I'll agree with Raconteurs being overrated, but I still think the stuff he did with Meg was brilliant &amp; highly original.
I found [this](http://i40.tinypic.com/11lmt6w.jpg) a while back... Oh my.
I feel fine.
Yes, because he is the worst person in the world.  Would you suggest the same punishment for rapists or murderers or people with malicious intent?  Or just for the "pigs"?
Well that is most of it. Can't find the article I read a while back, but a quick google turned this up http://www.pacinst.org/topics/integrity_of_science/case_studies/hummer_vs_prius.pdf
agree completely, it seems like he is just being jim carrey. It's not really coherent but it is unique I suppose
windows is open to anything, so your going to get crap, and good.  crap: packard bell hp emachines  good: dell sony lenovo asus independant pc brands are actually amazing too  look good + have 4gb of ram =  a sale, no matter what quality it is, people are still technologically retarded.  Whereas for mac its &gt; look good + have too much money = a sale
As a percent of our GDP, debt went from about 50% in 1940 to 120% in 5 years.   Reagan + Bush I took us from about 30% to around 65% over their terms.  Clinton brought it down 5%.  Bush II took it back up to over 75%.   You forget that a majority of this bailout money is actually a loan and not a gift.   Unless it all defaults, we are fine.  It they all do default then we are where you propose we be with a majority of banks dead in the water.  So no, we were not going near as fast (we may be fast-tracking now).   But maybe that's whats needed?  Worked the only other time we tried it.   Best part is where they indicate if it's not enough, they will do more...as they should.
It's the mane talking point at the moment.
Go school bus!
I suspect that Mr_Sadist is a sadist for making me read something that long...  :p
Also, this bus is refreshing and delicious
No, it says right in the article: &gt; Frank Clark happened to be the sole operator of OceanNet, and he had apparently registered for Comcast service at a total of 35 addresses.  In other words, he had 35 separate accounts with 35 separate cable modems each with a unique MAC address registered to the cable company. All he did was move the modem from the location where service was installed into a wiring closet, and as the modem was still communicating with the same node upstream, it worked.
so he was doing his job.
A hobbyist site created by one person probably running on a shared virtual server can't sustain large amounts of traffic? I'm shocked - shocked I tell you!
Denise Richards Nude Sunbathing Pics Reemergeand This Time They're Uncensored! Denise Richards nude naked sunbathing beachUncensored Pics of Denise Richards Topless Sunbathing Surface. But Are They Real? 
There will be some really big changes to patent laws, but not things that are likely apparent right away.  The huge changes are to the bill itself.  There were many problematic issues in the legislation itself, which would have really only support the high-tech computer industries and hurt everyone else.  It seems that those high-tech friendly changes are being eliminated in exchange for something that makes a lot more sense.
there is also a proven correlation between intelligence and depression, that does not mean depressed people are intelligent or that depression is inherently better than happiness. 
Wouldn't that be all the more reason to use a professional translator?  Or are you saying that there aren't very many of them or they're too expensive? I'm only talking about a small amount of text, not a whole book.
A Jedi Knight?! Jeez, I'm out of it for awhile, everybody gets delusions of grandeur 
"I just came here to suck and fuck. And now all this..."
Dammit McFly, you're a slacker and you always will be.
I like the comment...  &gt; Innovative approach. Great tip!  Yeah right...  His approach has never been thought of before...
The Iraqis are stopping the Iraq war, the Obamanites are simply claiming credit. Defense spending needs to be maintained in order to increase involvement in Afghanistan (We all know how well that worked out for Russia.)  while continuing to feed the Military Industrial Complex at current levels. There are plenty of non-essential Department of Offense expenditures that Obama could easily reduce if he were of that persuasion. His actions suggest he is instead just more of the same.
He fucking killed two people, two cops, how would you recommend they get him? Send a fucking telegram asking him nicely to come outside? They should have blew the fucking guys brains out when they stopped him the first god damn time for the simple fact he's a child rapist, armed, and violated parole.  EDIT: I'd like to make it clear that I'm not sticking up for the police, because god knows I hate the police. However, I hate parasites like this guy was even more than police.
Quality &gt; Quantity
Muslim agree with everything in the Koran and don't ignore any of it. They are also generally more knowledge about their faith and don't act like phonies. Problem with Christians and jews is that for the most part their books are alot worse the the koran but like hypocrites and phonies they choose to ignore some parts of thier books. 
WOW DEVASTATING.... if they didnt do such a half assed job...
http://74.125.95.132/search?q=cache:ytGaEylXPPEJ:www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/88cmi/why_shouldnt_i_do_it/#c08j7h1  sorry if it's a bit late, just saw this comment and thought you might want a copy  (credit goes to userunderscorename)
Yeah, having to do an analysis like that can ruin any book, especially C&amp;P, because the pace and flow of the writing was so important in places. The name thing I can understand, although I've always had a rather childishly fun time pronouncing them as I read. I definitely had to refer back to a name chart as well many times. No other Russian book I've read has used so many different names throughout the story, and switched between their different components with such little consideration for the reader.
maybe :)
I turned it off as I heard the first note.  I'm just too afraid to watch anything submitted to Eurovision!
For those interested in C#, try [Visual C# Express 2008](http://www.microsoft.com/express/vcsharp/) which is gratis.
For most of the population, yes, it's that simple. But not for everyone.  Fun fact: there is no known test which can accurately place 100% of the population as being male or female. There are quite a few attributes which make up what we see as gender and sex (genitals, secondary physical sexual characteristics, chromosomes, hormones, behavior, probably brain structure, etc.), they don't always match each other, and they all vary between more than just two states.
How can you read a phrase like "blinged-out hubcaps" and not smile? Fox News: we don't check our sources, but we add hilarious details to the made-up stories that come our way.
well, at least they're getting some use out of them.
similar thing happened here, except the cop sped through an intersection and hit a girl.  and he was drunk.  but the media just turns the other way and he got off clean.
Come now that's not a very fair assessment.  I can't simply just add 100-200megs onto my machine at any given time now can I?  You only have so much to work with per upgrade. My workstation has 4 gigs of ram but at least 2.5 of that is taken up by the OS and the applications I run (and no I can't close them, I develop them.)  When Opera starts sucking up 300 megs, which does happen when I have been searching for stuff for a long time, it starts to push my memory usage to 3 gigs; another PDF/Word here and there and I'm really pushing it. Besides, my comment wasn't so much a complaint as just an observation.  Both at work and at home Opera usually sucks up 100-200 megs.  Maybe I just go thorugh pages faster and they keep getting stored in the history. Relax man. :)
"Asking what happened before the Big Bang is rather like asking what lies north of the North Pole."   -Stephen Hawking
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bJOIqVAD-s
Pinkest Flash Mob Ever! April 5 (Broadway btwn 34th St. &amp;amp; 35th St.)  Date: 2009-03-31,  6:40PM EDT   What the Flock!?!?!?   On April 5, grab some friends and flock to Broadway between 34th and 35th by 10:50am dressed in your best flamingo pink attire! At the stroke of 10:55 everyone should stand on one leg freezing in a flamingo pose for exactly five minutes  When the bells chime at 11:00am the mission is over and the flock will disperse as if nothing happened. Flamingos Unite!    Location: Broadway btwn 34th St. &amp;amp; 35th St. it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests  http://images.craigslist.org/3na3mb3o9ZZZZZZZZZ93v2923b407f87c1850.jpg" alt="image 1101291873-0
There are 192 pews.  He actually made 192 pews.  I'm really impressed.
I read that as Down Syndrome: blah blah blah .NET @ first.
I agree. Since we all know eveything on the internet is true
Dammit, dammit.  **Dammit**.  I also would have accepted "damn it."
The main reason I bring this up is to provide some small help to guys like the indie game developer who tend to have the weakest license key systems.  You can't stop piracy, but you can make pirated copies far less convenient to use, at least for a while.  The more popular the title, the more likely it will be either fully cracked or its key generator fully broken, but for an indie developer, that could buy you some time.
For techno Israeli music, you say "Infected Mushroom".
Yeah, I kind of bought into the Mac quality thing (although I'd never buy one) up until a few years back when I did some time in desktop support at a company with about 120 Macs (and about 900 PCs).  We had plenty of support tickets for the Macs, both hardware and software, to mix in with the PC tickets.  Both are machines, both can break or be broken, Macs are in prettier cases.
 If you own a factory and employ people they are making their money and livelihood off that factory too.  Everyone is benefiting. By allowing the person or persons who paid the money and built the factory to reap the rewards it provides incentive for more factories to be built. Meaning even more jobs and people living off that wealth. 
... and if he is resurrected, you can bet your ass he'll say "amen" before breakfast.
Does it have a name?
What rolls down stairs, alone or in pairs ...
It's finally happened. The politicians have turned the ISS into a fucking reality show.
&gt;As amazingly sacrilegious as your comment is, I gotta say I laughed... hence my +1.  FTFY
You Metallica douchebag fans are all the same. You jumped on the bandwagon a little late. You don't have the balls or the brains to listen to real metal so you try to convince everyone how hardcore you are by tying your coolness cache to those washed up old ladies in Metallica. Wake up, dunce. Metallica hasn't produced a listenable song in two decades. "Shistain"? Did you think that everyone would just be grasping their sides with how hilarious you are as you typed that?
Nah, ubiquitous is everywhere these days, people will just use it for anything. 
Sure, just like every Ph.D. knows how to build a car from scratch.
Could someone please gif-ify the beginning of this video? I don't have the skillz.   I think a gif of the first ten seconds or so would be totally awesome.
Man I wish this was a real thing.
I'd take the time to explain about how well many SUV's circa 2009 fare in rollover tests, but I have a feeling the effort would be wasted.  Not only are high quality rollover bars pretty much standard fare, but you should research the quality of the stability control that goes into some of them nowadays.  Some of them can corner at 60mph nowadays, which is probably over double your outdated perception.
I'm all for spanking your kids when they get out of line, but in moderation.  I see no reason to threaten a child with physical harm, and it disgusts me that these women threatened to sever the poor boy's penis.  He was four years of age for crying out loud...  They're behavior is no better than that of the mysogynistic Muslims.  On a side note, notice the [picture](http://news.ninemsn.com.au/img/2009/candy_box/3103_internet_a_cb.jpg) at the bottom of the article, which links to an article about [cyber safety](http://today.ninemsn.com.au/article.aspx?id=795423)?  That looks an awful lot like reddit...
Ok, I'm convinced.  Get this crappy blog off of reddit.
Jocelyn Wildenstein. She wanted to look more cat-like.
It's going to generate a distributed content network.
http://wookieepedia.org/ ?
Somewhat related - I had a yellow fever vaccine about two weeks ago, and 6 days later I had fever, headaches, and my eyes hurt. Small price to pay for not getting a full-blown infection...
I wish I had one years ago. I have the standard cab version, come with a longer bed, but my back would prefer a king cab, I am 6' 1" tall.
I recall entropy being intimately related to the laws of thermodynamics-- and those are the laws which prevent perpetual motion machines from working as hoped by their inventors.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermodynamics
&gt; wouldn't simply not notice ????  The fuck, write like a normal person: "would notice". Fuck you and your double negative bullsheeeeeeeeeeit.
There's not logical reason for it but this video made me laugh.  Good job guys!
[Time for the taxpayer to give themselves a bonus.](http://www.paynoincometax.com/zeroreturn.htm)
I always tell that one to my boyfriend when he's feeling sad. It's not only uplifting, but we get a good laugh out of it too :)
Wow.
it's the though that counts.
BAWWWW
Downmodded for childishness.
I am gonna pirate the shit out of some music right now. I'm talking discographies. You fuckers will never get another penny from me.
The first one almost looks like some not-as-hot amateur doing an... homage, perhaps?  It looks like it was taken with a webcam.
"Somewhere a kid is starving and you bitch about getting high." - you bitching about my opinions is better?  are you for real? this is the most irony i have ever come across on the internet. 
That dude is absolutely right but I'm right as well by saying this topic is getting way too much attention on reddit.
I honestly never realized just how sleazy that song is until now.
You're promoting benevolent motives but ultimately you're just helping Steve Balmer. It's his problem. Let him deal with it.  You'd do much better simply putting your feet up and referring all Windows support calls on 4/1 to Microsoft.
I never understood that last line.  The TMNT's are clearly in full shells.
This can't be real. THIS CAN'T BE REAL.  *claws out eyeballs*
Which makes me wonder if there actually *is* 'malicious' code out there which does this...
yeah, that fact took a long time to reach the front of my brain. Heck, it's been at least a year and still works!  ...Gosh, I wonder if that's how the global economy was managed...
Hell yeah. I have a mashup which would this project would help a _lot_.
ahhhh ngorongoro. i been there. its a sweet crater filled with all kinds of animals in Africa. tons of lions
I was actively involved in the church for 23 years... I get it.  But one day, I felt hollow, like I was just making excuses for so much. Everytime I tried to understand faith I ended up with no better an answer than 'just because'. I felt guilty, that I was losing my relationship with jesus and God. Eventually I realized it was my love of my peers that I feared betraying. I didn't want people to think I would lie to them so I 'came out' an agnostic... after much research I know call myself atheist.  Please realize people don't hate your faith, just the evil things done in god's name. I've come to think that all religions have valuable moral lessons, and there's no reason an atheist can't have the same morals. Treating your peers as you'd like to be treated is a good one...
I guarantee you absolutely that every single Vice President, since at least when the secret service or FBI were formed, was responsible for putting some people into intelligence posts and then talked with some of them about intelligence related matters some times after leaving office.  Cheney could have detailed lists, a regular weekly contact schedule with isolated elements of a formal cell structure, and people faxing him written confidential or higher graded documents, but that's all far from proven. Uncovering a few cocktail party conversations with people still in the community would be about what's typical for LBJ, Spiro Agnew, Jerry Ford, or Bush 41's post office histories, not the smoking gun some people seem to think it is.
Cut it out, guys, you're making me want to join the argument!
But that doesn't include *every* faithful person.  Generalizing is never a good thing in this issue.  We only need to draw the line where believing a certain thing is destructive to  innocent bystanders. Abolishing religion does *not* solve that problem.  EDIT: besides, we can never be sure that those terrorists were religious in the first place. They could've been just blind followers. Sheep.
You have posted this 4 times in the past 2 days.
No problem, Send me you money and I'll pick up a few bars. You can store it in my vault.
For a second there I saw a set of pink chattering teeth eating a coffee bean. I really need to get my eyes checked.
[Garth Algar?](http://izismile.com/img/img2/20090227/en_ugly_plastic_surgery_26.jpg)
[is this the dude from two guys a girl and a pizza place?](http://zombietime.com/gaza_war_protest/IMG_0231.JPG)
Encarta sucked! Finally it's gone. Long live Wikipedia!
True, and not true. I've had dealings going both ways. I've been robbed and burglarized many times, mostly by blacks and Latinos, but as an employer, one  of the very best employees I had was black, and *many* of the very worst were white.  Racism is natural, and you have to override it with reason.
Here are my choices:  Battlestar Galactica: Season 1  Battlestar Galactica: Season 2.0  Battlestar Galactica: Season 2.5  Battlestar Galactica: Season 3  Battlestar Galactica: Season 4  Battlestar Galactica: Season 4.5  Where do I put these?:  Battlestar Galactica: The Story So Far  Battlestar Galactica: Caprica  Battlestar Galactica: Razor  Battlestar Galactica: The Plan
Hey thanks for the info I didn't know that and this info will definitely be useful in my final decision.  Edit: I wonder if I could just buy the Clevo M760SU since it obviously supports Ubuntu and just save some cash. I'm not too worried about support as I'm not a nixpert super genius, but certainly not a noob. 
Spot the odd one out...
I never learned this in school, and thought I received a decent science education.  Is this really something that's common knowledge to everyone else?  I thought it was pretty neat and deserving of upvotes, personally.
Yeah, the Goa scene is huge.  Not really what I like though.
So?  Fission is almost nothing like fusion. We've been trying at fusion for way, way longer than four years. The point, however, isn't that we won't figure it out. Its that these stories keep coming out and implying fusion is right around the corner. Sadly, it's just not. 
I'm in the mood to register a few sock puppet accounts so I can upmod that a few more times. 
I don't want anyone to leave if they want to stay. What I'm saying is that you're on a predominantly atheist website, so steel yourself for some criticism and some insults.  There's a right to free speech in the Constitution, and a right to freedom of religion, but there isn't any right to not be offended. 
It's apparently not just on reddit that people are questioning this.  In fact, I've started to question why her blog keeps popping up here every so often.
i wish i could upvote this at least eleven more times just for that last bit. shits awwwesome.
I was willing to post in this thread with my revolutionary idea (actually). This comment, however, turned me off completely.  Thanks, ass.
Now, I am fully against drunk driving. But I hope he gets off with a warning. He was obviously at least making an attempt to be safer.
You remind me of your father when he went here. He was a slacker, too. 
God, I hope this isn't what I sound like when I talk in German.
&gt;'ll agree it was a waste of time because all of your ideas are idiotic  Its not my idea you brainless cock rash. Its the arguments of professional philosophers of science and epistemologists  who have been trying to resolve this logical problem without success for centuries. Are we supposed to believe that you, a fucking borderline moron trolling a website, are more intelligent than these great minds?  &gt;In your lame example that supposedly proves that the scientific method is a logical fallacy, you completely butcher the scientific method.  No, that was a simple example of the abductive fallacy you brainless gnat. Your comprehension skills are embarrassingly poor.   &gt;The scientific method does not assume your hypothesis to be true if it is confirmed by one limited experiment.  That was a simplified example merely for the sake of illustration you retarded donkey herder. What you don't get is that each time you try to gather more evidence to supports a particular hypothesis you are committing the same abductive fallacy. Over and over again...... Fuck, what the hell am I still doing here! I have much better things to do than trying to persuade a brain-dead atheist bonehead. Go fuck yourself up the ass with a pineapple!
Wingnut outrage should be seen as a *positive* indicator of the state of the nation. 
Because you know Obama single handily reviews and approves all the work of the IRS. *edit plus the Brown's wern't quaint old folk rather quacks who stockpiled weapons, had a stand off with the police and owed more than $625,000 in back taxes.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elaine_alice_brown
I am bitching about the level of political discourse on reddit. Try to keep up.  
Love system76.  Have a Pangolin v3, which I got 2 years ago, and it's the best laptop I've ever had.  High quality case, and great hardware support. support's great.  They have their own forum in the Ubuntu forums.
with more cupholders
My favorite place when the weather is nice (summer) is the Chelsea piers, looking across at the Jersey skyline. Get some gellati in the West Village and head on over for an awesome way to spend the last few hours of a date. :)   I'm pretty partial to some of the bars on the LES as well . . . love me some Heather's. 
[We Deliver](http://www.reddit.com/user/necrophiliac/)
What if you don't carry it around? Maybe it's a hobbie to make "rocket launcher" for empty heads not real rockets. 
It has a 200 hundred page, run-on sentence monologue.
this really does work
&gt; calling a cult what it is, a religion, isn't  That's a bit confusing.  I'm taking it you mean...  Calling a religion a cult, is rude.  Calling a cult a religion, is acceptable.  Not disputing you, just trying to clarify.  &gt; There is no special name for fringe political parties either.  Sure there is, we're libertarians ;)
I thought Iguaza Falls were in Brazil?
The probability of success would be much lower. Christians, Muslims and Hindus will never call their faith a cult, but Scientologists and other new religions are perfectly happy to use this word. What happens when you use two terms is that you legitimize a certain group of superstitions by putting down a different group. If we stop disparaging these new religions that everyone else call stupid and call them what they are, religions, you get a better chance that the religious take a closer look at the root of their own myths.
And then the Devil, like, totally pulled me from the car and pushed my face down in the grass and was, like, pushing on the back of my head and hitting me and stuff and I was all, "Oh my God! Stop it, Devil!" And then Daddy got out of the car and grabbed the Devil and just cold punched him in the face and I was like, "Yeah, Daddy!  Go, Daddy!"  And then we started a website hosting company.  To piss off the Devil.
**RUMSFELD!!**
If the winning guy did that after every point, the game would last an extra hour!
It's a variation for people who don't want to use any fething swear words.
The idea that the United States will keep a nuclear weapon out of the hands of an Arab nation is pure fantasy. It's not a matter of if, but a matter of when. As long as the US keeps supporting Israel and its radicalization of the Middle East through violence there is no avoiding it. Telling Israel to fuck off and engaging Iran in a fair dialogue is the first step of many to begin stabilizing the region.
A group of aging US veteran troops is suing the CIA and the US Army seeking recognition and health care -- but no money -- after years of being ignored.
Upmod upmod upmod downmod upmod downmod dowmnod upmod downmod downmod upmod upomod.
Your second comment completely reveals the hypocrisy of the first. So this kid did a crime. And so who should be punished? I literally have no idea what you will say since you have contradicted yourself so badly. Did you even read the article or did you just get as far as "ACLU" and decide to type out a rant?
&gt; piracy affects the gaming industry more than any other medium  Yes. It affects the music business a lot too, but fortunately musicians have other financial recourse: live shows and merch.
I would have been looking for a new girlfriend.
Agreed.  Put yourself in their shoes. Were you paying any attention? Just focus on the job at hand - delivering that speech. Ignore the people because most of them really aren't there anyway.  And aside from that: bear in mind it is your moment, not theirs. You're the one who is good enough at whatever you're doing to be up in front delivering a speech; trust in that and have faith in yourself.  /How I got through when I was in the same position.
They got banned at my school for being awesome.
has anybody concidered that this is a all a huge joke? APRIL 1st.
I hope noone died. that sucks. 
You suck.
Yeah - her diatribe on the dangers of organic foods (that was posted on here a few weeks ago) was mind numbingly retarded.
Is it a SanDisk? In my experience SanDisk external harddrives kinda just do shit like that, and there isn't much you can do about it.
huh, webtoid hosts images?
[SUBMITTER HERE]  Why create "supplemental" synonym site?  1. I couldn't find ANY synonym site that showed synonyms for "GPU", "quad core", etc.. whereas in Synons.com  you can find 43(!) synonyms (from Wikipedia) for that word. http://synons.com/gpu 2. All those synonym sites show a lot of 'ye old English' words like "lewd", which nobody uses, Wikipedia's editors don't seem to have this problem. 3. For PPC: This is good for pay-per-click and seo, just look at how much meanings "solar panel" has and you have millions more variations of "diy solar panel" phrase to promote some famous ClickBank program. http://synons.com/solar_power 4. For SEO: Obviously can be used to "spinoff" your keyphrases. 5. It also shows all the meanings this word can take, like "bikini" - 2 meanings (atoll and clothing). 3rd one is a duplicate (due to redirect on Wikipedia). http://synons.com/bikini 6. It's based on Wikipedia (which is awesome place to dig for information!) Wikipedia is evergrowing, this can be too (assuming they update the xml dump).  7. -- Here's a question: WHY? -- Because I can! (Paraphrased from "The Big Bang Theory")  If you like it - see also my older project http://thecraziestideas.com
I have thoroughly enjoyed every video that QualiaSoup has made.   I would even go far as to say it's the best thing on YouTube.
What if the internet isn't there?
i feel like Barack Obama would design a badass car...  that could like stream Bulls games on the radio no matter where you are...
Hypocrisy in the Catholic church? Shit, somebody call the Fuhrer...I mean Pope.
crawfishsoul said that, not Captain_Obvious.
http://www.dhreck.com/images/reddit-cookie/reddit-cookie06.jpg  There you goes.
It's as mindless as you'd imagine.  The interest in the song is because it's an Arab and Jewish Israeli duet.  Now that you know why it's 'interesting' you never have to listen to it again.
Fuck you, Ron Weasley.
Then how did you reply? Someone crossed the streams!
Yeah, and Dan correctly pointed out that, nope, that guy was still gay even if his boyfriend had a pussy, and interviewed a male porn star with a pussy whos primary customers are gay men.
Fox also notes that Parkinson's comes in handy when scratching dogs behind the ears, egg scrambling, and pleasuring his wife through clitoral stimulation.  Ah, he's living the good life...
&gt;never even had a casserole before. My goodness, a staple family meal!!!
Ummm, shouldn't this be a link to the CNN poll and not the comments ?  http://www.cnn.com/
Quiznos feels like more of a meal to me, whereas Subway is more of a snack.
1. browse reddit or gmail or IM logged in on an nsa/your-tla-here monitored host.  2. use tor to browse "bad" content, gmail refreshes, you hit the home icon by accident and reddit loads, or your im automatically logs in through tor.  3. nsa/tla has enough nodes to capture your bad browsing along with your unique identifier.  4. gtmo
Dude, Londonderry/Derry is in Northern Ireland which means, of course, that the "American jail system" doesn't enter into the equation.  
I heart her. 
Your talking about Europe here.
For those who don't know, your hockey stick was most likely made in Bemidji. 
I'm not prescient, but it doesn't take a genius to figure it out.  There is absolutely no political cooperation going on.  Yes the answer was staring us in the face the whole time, IT WAS THE STATED PURPOSE OF THE WAR.  It was just ignored.
It was either that or to say that the last time I had sex was when rocks were still soft.   On another note, I think I could easily get addicted to that site. I've actually had a couple of normal and fun conversations.....one of them with a digger. *gasp*
No, I'm pretty sure they want to see Israeli blood spilled on TV actually.
Actually, it's closer to reselling individual channels to neighbors, e.g. CNN and ESPN to one and ABC and SciFi**^W**SyFy to another. The internet line constitutes one pipe which you can subdivide and resell (technically, not contractually), but you can't actually resell the *entire* service to multiple people at once -- just some part of it. Of course, everyone who sells internet access to individuals oversubscribes (otherwise it wouldn't be at all affordable), but that's still not selling the entire pipe multiple times at any given instant.
no, it's April 1st.  April = 4; 1st = 1.  hence, 4/1.
Although there are freeware games, yes there is a very limited amount of them.  The reason is because of the same reason why there are very few viruses for the Mac and that's because there isn't a market for it.  Macs aren't known for gaming and, as much as Mac is trying to market developers hopping on board, they aren't really in a rush to pull in the gaming crowd.   Mac comps have a very niche role in providing a more professional kind of computer.  Generally, those who buy macs are students (who use it for school and going on the internet and that's about it), businessmen and the creative crowd that use it for Photoshop, FCP and the like.  They're the crowd that doesn't game (and uses the web as their computer-related entertainment).  If I were an apple employee I sure as hell wouldn't be worrying about our gaming dept.
So here we are today, faced with the growing concern over the closing of Guantanamo Bay and what to do with the inmates that are detained there? Do we bring them to the US for trial? If so, do we try under the US Justice System? This poses an additional question: If we bring suspected terrorists that have been placed into the Guantanamo Bay Prison to the US soil, what laws will apply to their trial and when they are released on some technicality  which every human rights activist will plug for  where will they go?
I hadn't previously heard of the Apache Harmony project. I went to their website. It looks like they're basically creating their own implementation of the entirety of Java SE 5 and possibly later versions in the future. This was started before Sun opened their own code.  Ok, so what is the problem here with commercial developers? Apache Harmony is a fresh implementation based off of the Java SE specification with its own license. So, clearly it is not a derivative work of the once proprietary Java or the now open source Java. So, commercial developers need to follow the terms of the Apache Harmony license. What are the issues you're talking about with Sun?
It is 0,0.
THIS THROWS A WRENCH INTO THE WHOLE MAN-MADE CLIMATE CHANGE ARGUMENT!  IT'S OVER, PEOPLE!  OVER!!! CLIMATE CHANGE HAS BEEN PROVEN A COMPLETE AND UTTER FRAUD, FOREVER, END OF STORY!! / O'Reilly
Suck it, Nixon!
It's doubly funny, because the whole of the central valley smells like shit, doesn't it?   Livestock.  I traveled all through the central valley for sporting activities, and I don't think I ever escaped the smell  of livestock.
So since the fee will already be passed on to consumers, that means we've already paid for the downloads and can have as much as we want?
sometimes i take my laptop to church (that's not true, but it'd really mess with your point, wouldn't it?)
Well, you can't expect cheap AND fast AND good. Or can you...
Thankfully, they'll still have their tuna.
&gt;**NOT THAT INTERESTING**  &gt;**FEEL FREE TO SKIP**  Upmodded for humbleness.
let her fall
Thanks for putting me onto this.  Very much similar to my/our own plans!
How about for Chrome?
Now thats racist you sum bitch!
Oh, do I ever. I enjoy going out to the middle of nature - no electronics, nothing but me and my family. I need to have that unconnected time - I find it rejuvenating. My personal time is very sacred so only 2 people have my cell number. (and they'll be lucky if it's turned on.) Everyone else can send me an email or leave a message. 
Agreed. I own a few pairs that have that kind of look. It's not a 'delicate' edge, it's just bunched up because of the elastic. If you stretch it out, the fabric becomes straight.
i still have all of my pogs. i had a big metal slammer that worked way better than the crappy plastic ones. won lots of pogs with that.
B A start?
Hummer wins.  Fatality!
Really, I think you're just arguing to argue now. If you prefer the happy opiated religious groups, I think you're in the wrong place.
like a cake.
by best, they clearly didn't mean funniest.  I didn't laugh one time. Needed much more buttered floor. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z17-JYf3N08
The worst twilight fans aren't actually the young girls (who are silly as all hell anyway). The worst fans are the 40 year old house wives who use Twilight as epic escapism.
I mostly agree. The problem is with **how** the old laws are being interpreted in new digital scenarios. Mostly by well financed corporate lawyers, and politicians who are puppets to the lobbyists.
&gt;Or is it a series of evasive answers? Swing miss. I didn't downmod your other comments, but I did this one, because that's utter bullshit. My answers are the answers you give when you believe a mind should be explained in terms of biology, and my answers are what I think is consistent with that.  &gt;If there is a biological basis for the mind then does that mean that intelligence does not exist? No. I said they weren't the same, but that doesn't automatically make them antonyms. Minds can be intelligent. OK. Re reading your comment a bit, I think I know where you are going (though I would have preferred you to either be more clear in your questions or to have stated it outright). I can say this- I agree that "the mind" doesn't exist if "mind" means something with no biological basis.  But I don't think the mind and "intelligence" are synonymous- I think we can have a biological basis for intelligence, and that what people typically call "the mind" does exist, is intelligent, but nothing about it runs contrary to, or outside of, the known laws of physics or biology. And it that respect its not what people generally think of as a "mind". **EDIT**: So it was going nowhere after all.
Which is also why rich *applications* are so hard.
He wasn't splitting up and selling off residential service at the address for which he purchased it/his residence.  The residential service contracts are usually rather specific in that you are purchasing service for a particular address, which is indeed *your residence*.  While the owners of the respective buildings may have had options for purchasing a certain level of service (commercial) to offer wifi to their residents, I don't think there are any circumstances where a third party could come in and re-sell Comcast's service like this.
OH NO!
A Los Angeles conversation.
Congratulations on your decision to do this. I'm sure it will be a very meaningful experience for a lot of people. I'll go check out the link!
"You will find love on Flag Day."
I'm doing it using the mp3's that I had on my computer already. How much do you think I'm missing out on?
&gt; Do you have any links to sources on how the industry is "slain by piracy"?  In addition to the above ones?  &gt; I thought piracy killed the industry twenty years ago anyway.  20 years ago was before Carmack was being paid in Ferraris for his PC games. Now even he's steering away from PC development.
4/1 nigga
I'd love to have a memory like yours.
Maybe I'm not sure what you meant.  The implication seemed to be that memory leakage is made acceptable by an abundance of RAM.
That guy is a real jerk.
That's incredible.  
Not surprising that the states with the lowest minimum wages have the lowest rates of unemployment.
It sucks we have to count and vouch, when there's an advocacy group [already started.](http://people-press.org/)
I'm really sorry - 5 is impossible, but here are some of my favorites!  And I Love Her And Your Bird Can Sing For No One Hello, Goodbye Help! Hey Jude If I Fell No Reply Norwegian Wood Penny Lane This Boy Yes It Is The entire second side of Abbey Road...
I just recently started reading "The Gay Science". It was a book my roommate had lying around and I thought I would give it a read. It seems to be a collection of short insights into different ideas. It seems like a good overview of his philosophies but this is the first thing I've read by him. Any thoughts on whether this is good for a beginner or not?
I remember those days well, when the [devil's medicine](http://www.bonkersinstitute.org/showpics/bayer1901.gif) was freely available at any pharmacy. Children were raped in the streets, muslim atheist communist nazi terrorist held brute force parades 24/7 on ever single road in the world. Thankfully God stepped in and ended such tyranny.  Joking aside, any illegal substance creates illegal demand. Making hard drugs like cocaine and heroin illegal does not and will not magically make people stop doing them. You are better off having it available legally instead of making criminals out of people and supporting organized crime.  *P.S. I am a shithead*
What an uninspired looking car.
Reminds me of a "&lt;Genre&gt; Movie" parody starring Anna Faris. Seriously, I thought this chick was Anna's sister and this was a God parody.  I'm not convinced this isn't a parody. Poe's Law and all, I guess.
July 08, 2006
Man, this is gonna tick off the devil.
Kyle could have gone back in time for another reason, father John Connor, THEN produced another timeline that we all know and love. For all we know he could have been on a joy ride because the world was a utopia that used time   travel for fun.
fuck you, imgur works well
Which makes me wonder if the nutritious content of semen was an evolutionary method to overcome periods of drought/famine.  "Sorry honey, the hunt didn't go very well today."  "But I'm still hungry, and the crop hasn't come in yet."
I would have gotten the hell out of the way. There's no way any human could successfully* catch another human falling from that height.  *I.e., both people would come out alive
It will kill all the kitten in the world.
Wow, KO.
The makers lack imagination.  You can do a lot more interesting things with an artificial appendage than duplicate a human arm.
Nice try, Digg.
Wow dude I really don't know why you are getting voted down for this.
&gt; There is gain to be found in seeing someone suffer through an illness well.  If you're trying to say that positive things can come from evil acts, I disagree. No good came from the Holocaust. None. God could've prevented all that from happening ('specially since he knew how it would end, right?). Why didn't he do anything? If that's not what you meant, I'm sorry. Perhaps you could clarify.  &gt; My response, and the response that I think many pastors and theologians would give is that "God will."   When? What's he waiting for? Sure, there are promises in the Bible, but those were thousands and thousands of years ago. Wouldn't they have come true by now? Yes, a year is like a day in God's eyes, but wouldn't it be more fair, more just, to see time through our eyes? Say I had a son, and a 1 second to me was like 10 years for him. I would never allow him to be hurt, even for just a second, because I know it's longer and more excruciating for him. Why doesn't God see it this way?  &gt; If God destroyed evil right now, you and I and everyone we know would also be destroyed, because at our root, we are evil. If I am really evil, God can by all means destroy me. The less evil in the world, the better. I'd think that someone who is supposed to be even more fair and more loving than I am would agree.  &gt; God allowed that time to pass so that men could repent of their evil and also be saved.  Doesn't God know whether or not someone is going to repent? And besides, if Hitler or Stalin were alive today and apologized, it wouldn't be at all just to let them off the hook and let them enjoy an eternity of paradise.   The rest of what you said doesn't really answer my question. You haven't been able to justify God sitting on his butt for the past 5,000 years, and I still see no reason to. And he doesn't even have to destroy anyone, just help people. Why can't he throw a loaf of bread to starving kids in Africa every once in a while?
He took a lot of influence from Warp Records stuff - you can hear a lot of it in Autechre and Boards Of Canada. After listening to BoC for years, it just doesn't sound too good.
It just means we can go to their house to "collect". It's ok if we Iowans use debit cards.
I'm not disagreeing with you but what do you think is the definition of being a woman?
If it saves just one life a little kidnapped girl, then it is justifiable to run over everybody and their little girl.
Me too. :(
Maybe this will discourage Ubisoft and Majesco from dumping their shitty games. Those two companies are responsible for 90% of the shovelware on the Wii and DS.
I already checked that D:   I mean, did he talk about it first somewhere? What was his last post?  He was a very interesting character.   I hated how half of the replies to him were related to necrophilia, though ("lol, its funy bcuz ur name iz necrophilia")
Well congratufuckinglations to me then.  After the 21st went through, the law ran it's course. Most returned to normal lives after the large amounts capital from mafia related sources dried up and they moved on to other projects.  Anyone caught and convicted at the time was either imprisoned or executed depending on their involvement.  Others were released on bail upwards of 10K, and in some cases individuals received presidential pardons from Roosevelt.  Look up the "I Am Alone" runner incident.  But hey I was just looking for some supportive commentary from the all superior Reddit community.  Jesus you guys are up your own ass.
huh?
"Do Not Mess With This Guy... [PIC] eyeheartyou 1 point 11 minutes ago[-]  this was on the front page a few days ago with the same title...?"  I find it funny that you wrote that comment about another post yet this spider picture post is unbelievably old and has probably been to the front page of reddit in 10 different variations. 
I'm wicked unexcited. I got a mug full of hot not-coffee ready in preparation for not using my computer tomorrow. Not.
Nah. Fuck his sister though...
Force rules.
O.K. douche bag
That must be a huge church!
Jobs are a constricting social construct. If you think otherwise, you've never had a job.
SO SAY WE ALL!
I was at my dr. office this afternoon and noticed their new medical records software.  I forgot the name but it looked expensive.  It looks like it does everything from billing to issuing prescriptions.  Is there any open source medical records software out there?  I would think some good basic office software for a medical office would be a good place for some open source to be.  
I have the same model and I couldn't recommend this company more. They have their own section on ubuntuforums.org and their main support tech Tom is amazingly helpful. When I got mine, the CD drive wasn't working 100% they sent me a new one no questions asked and all I had to do was ship the old one back. The product is good, the support is phenomenal. If you are unsure about making the full jump to linux, they have specific instructions on their wiki on how to dual boot the laptop. Go with System76, you won't regret it.
I'm not quite sure what you're asking but [here's a diagram of the lasers filling the radiation cavity of the hohlraum](https://lasers.llnl.gov/images/hot_hohlraum.jpg).
Well a lot of websites have been created and developed in an English speaking countries, and since English is written left to right so it most pictures are on the left side. The top part is something like people to have stuff at the top better that the bottom. 
I'd also like to see Connex lose their contract for public transport in Melbourne. I'd also like to see Telstra fold. 
This Amy Tuteur seems a bit sketchy to me as well. A reddit search shows a large portion of her blog posts have been submitted.   Her writing style reads too much like fiction.  [This comment](http://open.salon.com/blog/amytuteurmd/2009/03/30/they_killed_my_patient_then_they_tried_to_hide_it#comment_424752) sums it up nicely. Coupled together with all the inconsistencies mentioned here and on the blogs's comments, this makes for what I take as libel. She's a damn good writer, but a fraud.  
There is no Dana, only XUL.
&gt;*Alternet, Huffington Post, Daily Kos, Firedoglake, Raw Story, Democracy Now, Daily Beast, Glenn Greenwald's blog on Salon.*  Liberal blogs are not news. They are opinions of news. Sadly much of MSM has been propagandized. 
I so would have commented out that bit for the tests - couldn't have been hard not to run the check.
Shotgun anus.
With my DICK. lololol double entendres.
This is more what I had in mind...  http://www.sunwize.com/products/solar-grid-tie-systems-solar-installers.php
This is Square, not Sony.
can we just agree that they were both easy as fuck to get when we were in high school? It's like asking if it's easier to not watch The Real World or Road Rules. 
I'm assuming that satellite was launched sometime after T1 came  out.  Why would you do that?  Your just asking for Armageddon then.
I think it's more likely that the original battle happened far in the future, at least from our perspective.  All it takes is for the original Skynet design to somehow make it back in time to the present.  In the T2 continuity, the designs for Skynet and the Terminators were initiated by the chip from the destroyed T-800 in T1.  In T1's continuity we don't know where the technology came from, but it could just as easily have been from some other Terminator (or even a human) sent back in time purposefully to share the information.  To make such a huge leap in AI technology in such a short time without outside input just seems incredibly unlikely -- I mean, Terminator 1 was set back in the 80s, and they didn't even have talking paperclips yet.
You may laugh at my creation, just remember, I've got five kids to feed.
There's big money to be made shilling for corporate America. Some just can't resist the temptation. 
That is hard to tell. The first chart shows 762 in 2008 and 2010 and 745 in 2009. I see that as a 2% increase. And it looks like a big part of that is an increase in money to vets. Where does the 26% figure come from?  (Later we can ask how much of the increase is to replace the material used up and not replaced by Bush, another way to keep the apparent but not real cost of the war down. And then how much is allocated to increasing pay and such since they have gotten rid of the stop-loss program.)
Lobbyists are only one part, and believe it or not, a small one, compared to the corruption and criminality that is now routine in our government.
it's what plants crave
I How was that statement cynic or ironic? 
&gt; dM/dt kills.  That would make for an awesome public service campaign.
This is by far the best suggestion on the thread.  I am glad you and your wife stopped being hilarious landlords and started working in IT.
One night I got a text message from a wrong number.  The message said "Yo, wats the plan for 2-nite?"  So of course my reply was "I have the shovel, you'll bring the garbage bags?"  After that the reply was "Er sorry, wrong number."  
This is America. Racial hatred is only okay if it's from a place of perceived socio-economic inferiority.
You misspelled "my hero"
Hey! I'm sure we can completely trust our elected officials not to inflate the money supply for their own benefit!
lame
Literally the best bank I've been with.
Harper constantly disappoints me and betrays everything I believe in.
Psh he's just exaggerating.   /Rush
I'm trying to compose mainly ambient music, with a medieval or "epic" theme. I have no idea how to get something that sounds good. Can anyone provide me with some resources in the form of online tutorials or samples or basically anything they can think of that might help me out?
I loved that book as a kid :(
Hahahah, I just visualized you in church, reading something on Reddit, and accidentally saying something along the lines of 'Heh, heh, those stupid Christians...' out loud.   Which really would mess with my point.
**WARNING!  DO NOT LOOK DIRECTLY INTO LASER WITH REMAINING EYE**
Noted.  Sorry about that.  
I've got 78 processes running in Vista, and I'm only using firefox ans Secunia PSI.  uTorrent is running minimized and that's it.  There is so much crap running all the time.
I have cable internet.
I dislike the thread_enter and thread_leave approach. In my experience;  * it often means you need to have gtk calls in modules which will otherwise not need to have gtk imported * It is hard to get correct. Often in a large gtk application, updating data in one place may cause a signal from a model to be emitted from another class, leading to confusion as to the best place to take the lock.  I prefer [emitting on idle](http://www.johnstowers.co.nz/blog/index.php/2007/03/12/threading-and-pygtk/) from objects that drive gui updates. It fits more naturally with the gobject signal design philosophy. I also find it results in a cleaner seperated model/gui design.
Hard to say.  Tech rags say IBM is buying Sun to have a 'stranglehold' on the server market. I do know the home page will be this: http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/java/   
Officer, I think this drunk driving incident reflects positively on my driving record. You can see up until you pulled me over I hadn't hit anyone or caused any damage. I even pulled over!
your right it's not up to congress if the rest of the world uses a New currency but they can make dam sure we don't have any part of it. and how about actually reading articles I bet you just voted this down based on the title heres a piece from the financial times   "Chinas central bank on Monday proposed replacing the US dollar as the international reserve currency with A NEW GLOBAL SYSTEM controlled by the International Monetary Fund."  Yeah that really sounds like they just want a new reserve only currency huh?
This tragedy has given the word community a deeper meaning  FARGO, N.D.  Living one block from the Red River here puts me on the front line of the flood.
Do you mean educated in a **relevant** field?
Sorry, please try again.
USD and JPY traded higher initially supported by a fresh spike in risk aversion sparked by news that Russia may reschedule some of its corporate debt and a CNBC report which suggests that the bad bank plan may be left out of todays announcement of the Obama financial stabilization plan
How does the last line in the book go?
&gt; Category: Belgian cycling teas [75] (The difference a missing "m" can make...)
&gt;After I answered that I was a male and 26 they instantly left the conversation.  Go back in there and look for me; I'll chat with you. My username will be "Stranger".
Tab, Tab, y
Marginally better compared to what?  Many times more likely compared to what?  These are not unimportant questions.  Large cars rarely have rollovers, small cars do.  Large cars are generally very safe, with low fatality rates and low roll-over rates.  Small cars are awful, as are small trucks.  Minivans are great, so are large cars and large SUVs.  Yes, rollover is a downside, but it doesn't come close to making SUVs as bad as small cars in terms of fatalities, and modern SUVs are even substantially reducing the risk of rollovers.  
Starscream is always cool.
What, is semen so acidic that it will melt the pipes?  Are sperm becoming intelligent, escaping, and forming a rebellion beneath the sewers?
Honestly I think everyone is reading too far into the whole "gender" thing.  The most beautiful perfect 10 model in the world could have a penis and I wouldn't have any sort of sexual relation with..it?  Might be politically incorrect for reddit, but if you like something with a penis you are not that straight to me...and I won't get into the Kinsian(sp?) scale because I know that's what's comin next.
I am one of the people you follow on twitter!
No... Nazi is short for Nationalsozialistische, so it's a proper noun and not an acronym.
&gt;Its not my idea you brainless cock rash. Its the arguments of professional philosophers of science and epistemologists who have been trying to resolve this logical problem without success for centuries. Are we supposed to believe that you, a fucking borderline moron trolling a website, are more intelligent than these great minds?  Nice appeal to authority, dumbfuck.  &gt;that was a simple example of the abductive fallacy you brainless gnat.  Actually, it was a simple example of an idiot misunderstanding the scientific method.   &gt;What you don't get is that each time you try to gather more evidence to supports a particular hypothesis you are committing the same abductive fallacy. Over and over again......  You just don't understand the scientific method. Sorry for you. 
I was going to say, I don't see the logic.
And also since you obviously **do understand** (better than the author of software, it seems), do explain, "buddy":  1) Why is graph flat 1980-2007 (Internet revolution)?  2) Why is graph going strongly down since 2007? (Since it's inverse - something obviously increases exponentially since 2007 - what is it? US national debt? The number of gay marriages?)  3) Why is it strongly down 1983-1984? (Again, what rose that period?)  4) Why is it flat during WWI and WWII, when there was a lot of inventions, innvovations, novel ideas, etc?  5) Why is it flat 1939 for atomic bomb?  P.S. I'm mad now.. cause "conspiracy" people **don't question anything**, just repeat other people thoughts (from authors bio, possibly hallucinogen-induced) and **the best arguments** I get are "you don't understand" and "you're saying wrong word".
Yeah, but read this part:  *after over seven years of war in Afghanistan and nearly six years in Iraq, the Obama administrations budget will include the cost of the two wars for the first time. Under the Bush administration, the cost of the warscurrently totaling $657 billion for Iraq and $173 billion for Afghanistan[1]was appropriated through emergency supplementals*
So the challenge is to find a message that decrypts to 12345678 under RSA with the given public-key (n and d)? Shouldn't be too hard...
I am now convinced you must like math and weed.
&gt; Calling a cult a religion, is acceptable.  Correct, because a cult *is* a religion. The OP could have said "A *religion* too mental to describe" instead. The group believed in Jesus just like Christians do. Crazy at it may have been, it was a religion.
I'm sure Rush will give credit for this to Dubya.
